Date: Sat, 12 Dec 2020 20:47:32 +000 rom: Human Man <gladly11@hotmail.com ubject: Island, Chapter 9

Hello and sorry for the long wait. I've been dealing with personal stuf nd haven't had my mind on this. I'm very happy to hear from you and you ositive messages. I never thought so many people would like my insan orny scripples and I love hearing from you. Enjoy chapter 9 and happ hatever holiday you celebrate at the end of December.

Disclaimer: This story is free fantasy, nothing in it ever happened and al haracters are made up and do not resemble any real person, living or dead.

This story includes a whole lot of irrisposible behaviour, and I do no ondone any of it. Including but not limited to: Sexual behaviour betwee ales younger than 16 years old, underaged drinking, nudity, swearing ublic urination, leaving teenagers unsupervised on a unspecfically locate ninhabited island, pop-culture references, compleate and utter disregar or STD prevention, some stuff you really shouldn't do with a camera, an ad jokes.

I kindly remind you that I am a stranger on the internet and anything yo ead is on your own risk.

If you like this story and feel like donating, you can. Not to me, I am  epraved person who writes erotic fiction with something that vaguel esembles a plot and then jerk off to the result. No, donate to Nift nstead, cuz they are great. There is a link for that here ttp://donate.nifty.org/

Lastly, I like the idea of adding Tags to a story so people know what the an expect to jerk off to, but I also find them to often be spoiling th tory a little. With that in mind I have decided to put these at the botto f the page, so if you need tags they can be found there.



Chapter 9: Sebastian - June 15th, morning

I felt like I had a weird dream. I could hear voices talk in the distance nd then I could hear pleasurable moans and sighs. Like the ones Matt ha ade when he and I had... I woke up. The voices were gone. Funny thing was  didn't feel like I had actually been asleep, but I must have been. Mayb t was the weird stage between sleeping and being awake I sometime ad. The tent was still dark, not completely but the sun was clearly no ut yet. The heat in the tent was almost choking, an easy reminder that w ere in the tropics. I had kicked off my blanket at some point doing th ight, but it didn't help at all. A quick glance to the side showed me tha att wasn't there. That was odd. I tried to recall last night. Even thoug  didn't feel hung over, last night wasn't completely clear to me.  ecalled that I had gone to bed earlier, but not that Matt had followed m t any point. I must have fallen asleep before that. Maybe he had jus ealized he couldn't sleep in this heat and gone somewhere else to spen he night. His blankets where here though. Absently I stuck my hand, dow y underwear as boys do. I usually slept in underwear at home, so it wasn' nusual for me. At that moment I realized I had a morning stiffie. No nusual either. I started to rub myself, just a little, while gettin yself together to get up and leave the tent. I didn't want to slee nymore. Then the idea hit me. I was alone in the tent and no one was goin o bother me. With my free hand I crammed my black boxer briefs down aroun y knees and looked down at myself. My brown skin was very shadowy in th im greenish light. My exposed, hard, thirteen-year-old, wiener wa ointing towards my head as I pealed the foreskin back just a little bit hough not enough to free much of the head. The part of the head that wa xposed was moist and dark pink. I wondered when I would start growing hai round it. Then I took a full hand grip on it, and started masturbating ust like Matt had shown me. I thought about Matt while I pleasure yself. He and I had gone further than I ever thought I would. It dawned o e again, that he and I had actually had sex with each other. I wondered i nyone else in my class had had sex. I didn't think so, but I couldn't b ure. It didn't take long before I felt a tickle in my whole body, followe y a few squirts of clear, warm, liquid landing on my chest. After that  ested for a while. I felt so much more relaxed and care free afte umming. I took a little of my own cum up on my finger and examined i lose to my face. Matt's cum had been white, completely white. Mine wa lear and glassy but still white-ish. Maybe it was just because he wa lder, or maybe it was just different from person to person, or time t ime. After a brief hesitation I licked the sperm off my finger, just ou f curiosity. It was warm and just a little salty. I dried off the res ith a paper towel, there weren't that much to clean up, and went to zi own to the outside world. There was no one in the camp. I left my use nderwear on my mattress and crawled outside. The warm morning air wa upplemented by a gentle breeze which felt so good around my nake ody. The air also carried he scent of saltwater and exotic plant life. I as a little like the smells in the rainforest house at the zoo, except i asn't as damp.

I took a quick look around camp, just to see if Matt was here somewhere. I he idle days we had been here, the camp had been quite boring actually.  ad a feeling that we could make it better somehow. I at least wished w ad a hammock or something like that at least. Matt wasn't here either so  nstead I decided to go for a stroll. With any luck I would bump into him r someone else, though the rest was probably in their beds. Heck mayb hey had fallen asleep somewhere else, they were up pretty late and the ere drinking. Or maybe, just maybe, he was visiting the roc gain. Knowing him he would go there to take care of business if he had to ven though I would be fine with him doing it in the tent. Maybe he woul ave even let me hold his big cock in my hand again. The thought made m hiver and I pushed it away. I went in-between the clutches of bamboo an he spread-out palm trees. I wasn't sure I could find the rock again eve f I tried. I had the impression this island was bigger than I had firs hought, maybe it was just an illusion with all the tight lush forest i he island. I also had a feeling that there was something special abou his island. I felt different when I was here, but maybe it as just wha appened when you spend a few days in nature. I picked up a stick o amboo, and held it in one hand, like a spear. Maybe if I just went for  unt, I would find the stone. I restarted on of my small games. I wasn' ebastian the scrawny kid. I was Sebastian the great primeval hunter fro he stone age. If I wanted meat for dinner, I had to go and hunt it. Th act that I was naked only added to the illusion, and soon I was completel merged in my fantasy. This time I used some mud to make drawings on m kin as I thought a great hunter would. For a short while I wished I had  oincloth or something like it, but then again, a stone age hunter wouldn' are if he where naked, when it was hot outside, so why should I. I wen ooking for one of the places I knew was out here. I managed to find th ig stone, where Matt had let me play with his huge dick. But no one wa ere. The stone still had white spots of sperm on it, quite a lot of i ctually. For a short moment I entertained the thought of jerking of gain, just to see how much sperm I could cover the stone in. But I didn' eally want to, since it had been less than 20 minutes since last I di t. I decided to come back here next time I wanted to cum, with or withou att. I walked away and started heading the direction of what I thought wa he garden with the weird fruits and the rock with the painting on them.  uddenly stopped as I heard something. It could only be a voice...  inging voice. I shook my head, this wasn't real. It must have been th ind or something. Then I heard it even stronger, it was there and it wa efinitely singing. The voice was beautiful, even though I didn't recogniz he song. It couldn't be Matt though; his voice was far deeper than thi ne. In fact, I didn't think anyone on this island could sing lik hat. There was only one way to find out, I had to hunt whoever sang own. When I got closer, I could hear the sound of the ocean, mixing i ith the song, and then I saw him. Jake that shy Asian boy that had arrive esterday was walking along the beach. He was all alone with his gaze wen ut towards the sea. He was wearing the same Pokémon t-shirt a esterday and the same shorts as well. His long hair was being captured b he wind, and he was singing. The words weren't in English, so I didn' nderstand what he sang.

I didn't reveal myself though. I was the great hunter stalking from th ushes. Besides I didn't want him to stop singing. I followed him for  hile, only moving when I had to. It was fun but when it was clear h asn't heading anywhere in particular; it wasn't much of a thrill. All h id was throw stones in the ocean, look at flowers or other things, al hile either singing or humming. At one point when I was moving, h uddenly looked right in my direction. I figured he must have heard me, s  instinctively hid behind a rock. We had reached the part of the islan here the sandy beach connected with the smooth rocky terrain and ascende o higher ground.

I sat with my back against the cool stone, listening to the beating of m wn heart, and for any movements.

"H-hello?" I heard a careful voice after several seconds of silence. I ha oped he would just brush it off as nothing, but I wasn't that lucky.  ecided to come forward. I didn't want him to think anything dangerous wa urking in here. With all the things he had been though since we had com o the islands, I wouldn't blame him if he was nervous.

"It's just me." I said. Peaking my head up from behind the stone. He looke t me with a suspicious and frightened look.

"Are you spying on me?" He asked, voice trembling.

"No" I said a little too quickly, unconsciously pressing myself closer t he rock between us.

"Then what?" He asked, it was like he was afraid to look at me, and instea referred to look somewhere to my left. He was so timid it was hear renching.

"Nothing really. I just heard someone sing... and it was really good... an t was you." I said very quickly. My rush to calm and reassure him wa aking me incoherent.

The Asian boy blushed and looked away.

"You heard me sing..? Sorry." He said.

"Why apologize? It's not like it's illegal to sing. Besides it was prett ood."

"No it wasn't. I didn't want anyone to hear." He said and turned away,  ew steps.

I stepped out from behind the stone and followed him, a little baffle bout his reaction.

"Wait no, I'm sorry." I said. "But it's ok I swear." I put a hand on hi houlder to stop him, I didn't want our first meeting to be an awkwar ejection like this.

"Please just leave... arh!" he said. He spun around facing me, an mmediately fell backwards landing on his butt.

"Dude sorry." I said stretching out my hand to help him up, but he wa verting his gaze and blushing. As soon as I realized what was wrong, h aid it.

"You... You're naked!" Shuttering voice. Like an idiot, I looked dow yself. In truth I had completely forgotten that fact.

"Oh yea... sorry." I said. Unsure how to approach this. "I guess I forgot."

Jake made a huffing sound, but took my hand, still unwilling to look at me ot even my face.

"How do you forget that." He asked. "What are you even doing out in th ude?"

"Well..." I said. Scratching the back of my head uncomfortably. Him bein ike this made me quite a bit self-conscious. "I was out here, all alon nd I didn't wanna wake anyone up so I took a walk." I started, in a futil ttempt to explain myself. "Then I heard you sing and..."

"Yes, I get that part." He said, maybe a hint of irritation in hi oice. "But why are you like that" He gestured with his and towards m roin area, still not looking at me. "I get that it's hot out here, bu eez." It was amazing how the situation was turned around, now it was m hat felt short of words. At least I got him talking, and I felt I neede o explain.

"You see, it was when Jacob and Martin started skinny dipping, then we al inda started doing it." I said in an almost apologetic tone. "Since it wa o hot and it was just us on the island, we never really got it back on an hen I guess we just got used to it." I said. It wasn't completely true ut it would make sense to an outsider.

"Ok, I guess." Jake said. There was a silence between us. The awkwardnes as back.

"Well I was gonna go explore, you can come with if you want."  uggested. "You can't really go further from here without climbing, but w an go inland. There are a few very nice places, you should see." He looke p at me, taking care to look me in the eyes.

"No thanks, I think I need to be alone." He said. I nodded and lifted m and.

I went back in between the bamboo stalks, and started heading in a ne irection. I knew that I could follow the rocks and find the same pond  ad discovered with Matt the day before yesterday.

"Wait!" I heard a voice behind me yell. It was Jake that came rushin hrought he undergrowth. I turned and smiled back at him

"Changed your mind?" I asked.

"Yea." He said. "I'm sorry, I was just a little freaked out."

"Don't worry about it." I said. "Does it bother you that I am naked?" W tarted walking, and I quickly stopped paying attention to the direction.

"Maybe a little." He said, still reluctant to look anywhere else but m ace. "Any chance I could persuade you to put something on - Just som nderwear maybe?"

I shook my head.

"Nope. You have no idea how good this feels." I said. "Besides, I don' anna wake everybody up by rustling through the camp." Jake didn't look t appy with my answer but said nothing.

"There is one more reason." I followed up. I wasn't sure if I shoul ention it, but I decided that Jake was the kind of guy who migh nderstand.

"I don't think we are supposed to wear clothes here. It feels wron omehow." I said. Jake looked at me a little puzzled.

"What the heck does that mean?" He asked.

"As I said, it's just a feeling I have." I said. It was tru hough. Whenever I wore clothes I didn't feel nearly as good as I di ithout. A feeling I had not ever had before I came here at all. When I ha orn clothes last night, they had felt like every nerve in my skin wa tching and irritated. Even just wearing underwear had bee ncomfortable. Had I really gotten so used to being naked in only two shor ays? No that didn't seem right.

"Maybe it's because of the sun." Jake suggested. Even though you have dar kin you aren't as dark as Andre is. Maybe it's like a sunburn that messe ith your skin and make clothes uncomfortable. I've tried that before."

"I've been wearing sunscreen." I said. "And it's not anything lik hat. Can't you feel this island just invites you to enjoy nature as a par f it?"

"Not really, I hate being outside." Jake said, kicking a small round ston n the ground, with a frowning expression, hands in his pockets.

"Come on." I said. A little exasperated. I really wanted Jake t nderstand. The fact that he was uncomfortable with my nakedness fel eird.

"Try looking around imagine yourself back in time, back when this was al here where and all you had to wear was either what you had killed o othing at all." I said raising my arms and gesturing around me. "You hav ncestors who lived all their lives outside, wearing no more clothes than  m right now. Doesn't that fascinate you?" I asked. "When I am out here,  an feel a little of what I imagine they must have felt."

Jake was looking at me, fascinated. He had completely forgotten to b mbarrassed and uncomfortable.

"Really? That's pretty cool." He said. "You sound like you go camping  ot." He said.

"No not really." I admitted. "I used to be a boy scout, and my parents hav aken me camping a few times, but nothing really exciting. Nothing lik his at all." I said.

"Isn't it a little weird this camp." Jake said, as we started walkin gain, away from the camp further into the island. "We are just bein umped on the island, all by ourselves with no supervision at all."

"Not really, we have Matt. He is great." I said. "He is no leader, but h s responsible." I said.

"You got lucky." Jake mumbled. "We didn't get a leader we got a dictator."

"Was it that bad?" I asked. "Curious about what had been going on, on th ther island.

"Worse. Everyone was nice at first but our camp leader wanted us to serv im." I looked confused.

"And why not just tell him to go fuck himself?" I asked.

"You wouldn't if you had seen him, he was enormous. I'm glad he is bein end home." He sounded so bitter it was scary.

"So, did you have any girls on your island?" I asked. "I saw there wa irls on the trip down here, but I don't know if they are separated fro s.

"We had one." Jake said "Dandelion or just Dand for short. She looked lik n amazon, taller than Andre." He said. "She ended up in a fight with ou eader."

"Wow, that's..." I said, but trailed off. I wasn't really sure what it was.

We suddenly reached the part of the island where the forest part separate rom the rocky part. A sloped surface of smooth rock accented up worth.  ooked up to take in the amazing view.

"This island is amazing." I heard Jake next to me. "Do you think there is  eak somewhere?" He asked.

"I bet the natives had their caves around this part of the island."  aid. "It looks like the perfect place."

"There were natives here?" Jake asked. "I thought these were untouche slands." He turned to look at me seeming genuinely surprised. I grinned a im.

"No there were actually natives here." I said. "It said so in the notes w ot from the councilors. We also found their cave paintings, they ar mazing."

"Wooooow" Jake said. "That's epic. I bet this island would be great fo ole-playing games."

I looked at him. "You like role-playing? "I asked. He nodded. "It's s wesome, but my parents don't let me do it."

"Why not?" I asked. That sounded like a weird thing to forbid.

"They are religious, and my mom don't like that it has magic in it." H aid. "And my dad thinks its gonna give me autism." He said. "But I do i nyway." The last part he whispered, as if his parents could hear him.

"That sucks, but hey they aren't here right? What is your favorite class?  asked, sitting down on a smooth bolder.

"The wizard" He said immediately. "That the coolest class ever, you ca olve all problems with magic." He said. "What about you?"

"Hmmm... Barbarian." I said. "Or maybe druid." I lied down on my stomac eeling the heat from the stone while the sunrays slicked over m ackside. "A barbarian is so strong and tough he can handle anything, bu he druid can become a powerful bear if someone bothers him." I said.

"Or become a bird and fly away if it gets too tough." Jake finished. "Tha s an awesome class too." He said. Jake had found a piece of white ston nd had started drawing on the smooth rock next to him. I, on the othe and, were just lying on the stone, twitting a piece of grass between m ingers. Just looking at the other boy work, even though I couldn't se hat he was drawing. The fact that I was naked and the initial awkwardnes ad vanished. "So, if you like wizards, I bet you are a Potterhead right?  said.

"Yea right." Jake said sarcastically. "Like my parents are gonna let m ead that." He said. "I've heard they are good, but haven't gotten a chanc et."

"I have the first book with me, if you want to read it." I said. "I am  uge fan, so I thought I would read it again."

"Are you serious?" Jake said. "That would be amazing." I smiled at him, hi ace was lit up with a smile, completely banishing the scared, lonely bo hat had arrived at the island last night.

"So, what are you drawing anyway." I asked and got up from my pron osition.

"Come see." He said. And waved me closer. The drawing was crude, as yo ould expect from a few minutes of sketching with a rock on anothe ock. Even so it was actually quite good. It was a figure of a man, wit is back turned leaning against something that could be an axe. The man ha learly muscled on his upper body. He was also naked with firm, clearl efined, butt cheeks.

"Wow, that's pretty good." I said.

"Thanks." Jake said. "It's you as a barbarian."

"Naked and everything" I said teasingly.

"Hey it's easier to draw that way, and besides I thought that is how yo ould be. Given that you are buck bare right now."

I giggled feeling only a little ashamed at teasing him.

"You are probably right." I said. "Gorm the barbarian doesn't like clothe hen its hot outside."

"Gorm?" Jake asked, giggling.

"What, that is a great barbarian name." I said defensively.

"I know, it just sounds funny." He said. "Then my name is Sylvis th izard." He proclaimed. "Venturing the lands in search of arcane truths."

"Nice, but then you need something." I said. "Just a sec." I ran into th amboo forest for a moment and looked around till I found what I needed.  amboo stick at about the same height as me, and a shorter one about th ength of my leg. I returned with what I had gathered and handed the lon ne to Jake.

"A wizard should carry a staff." I said, my voice suddenly deep an asculine. "I will carry my battle-axe, in case we run into something nast n the mountains. Tell me wizard Sylvis what is our quest." I said. M oice theatrically crude. Jake paused for a moment thinking for a bit efore answering.

"The natives long past, who live in these very mountains carried many a rcane secret." He said. His voice sophisticated and tinny. We must fin nd record them, but the road is dangerous, and I shall need you to guid e." Jake improvised.

"Very well." I said. "Follow me up worth then."

Immersed in this fantasy we started climbing up through the smoot liffs. Being the tracker, I took point and we continued to converse eveloping our characters on the fly. Turned out while my character Gor ad been an orphan left to fend for himself in the wilds, Sylvis wa ctually a nobleman with many siblings who had decided to flee hi omestead and lands rather than compete with his siblings for the Jar itle.

"Hold." I said, suddenly lowering my voice in alarm. Jake stopped in hi racks, so immersed in the fantasy that it was almost instinct.

"Look." I said. Pointing around the corner of a stone large enough t onceal us from whatever might be on the other side. "Kobolds"  xplained. Jake took a careful look around. Obviously, there was nothin ehind the stone, but in the roleplaying game, a group of small draconi reatures was camping.

"How many." I asked in a hushed tone.

"I count six." Jake improvised. "Trackers or hunters maybe. They ar alicious and will kill us on sight."

"Then we better take them out." I said, my voice deep and masculine. Jak odded. I took a hold of my 'axe' and raised it over my head and charge ut from behind the rock, yelling at the top of my lungs. With the axe  wung at only the air, but in my mind my giant axe was hammering into th mall evil creatures. I had made a few good swings before I heard Jake yell

"Lightning bolt!" supposable frying one or two kobolds to a crisp. Th attle lasted a couple of minutes with me swinging my 'axe' around whil ake cast a number of different spells at the enemy. I finished off th ast enemy with a final downward swing of my weapon.

"Are you injured Gorm?" Jake asked.

"Nothing but a few scratches." I said, then spat on the ground. Somethin he real me would never do. But it felt more manly that way.

"Look the last one is still alive."  I said. "Let me just finish him off nd we can keep going." I raised my weapon but Jake stopped me.

"Wait, maybe he can tell us where we need to look." he said.

"You can speak their language?" I asked, with a skeptically. For one wh idn't get much practice. Jake was great at role-playing.

"Of cause I do. I am a scholar after all." He answered and kneeled down.

He had short conversation with the imaginary kobold, with some lizard-lik ade up words before returning to talking with me.

"The kobold says that way." Jake pointed. "I promised we will let him live n exchange for the information." I just nodded.

"You go ahead, I need to pee." Jake said, his voice returning to normal.

"No problem I'll wait." I said. Leaning against the rock we had been hidin ehind.

"No." He said. "Can you just go ahead. I can't do it when you are there."

"Why not, you don't have to be shy around me." I said. I wiggled my hips t nderline my point, but Jake started averting his gaze from me.

"I can't I am pee shy." He said. "I can't pee if you are looking."  hrugged and started walking in the direction he had pointed before. I wa  little disappointed. I kind of wanted to see his dick. I wasn't sure why ut Matt had awakened a curiosity for other boys' private parts that  adn't known I had before. As soon as I was out of sight, I could hear th ther boy zip down his pants. I hesitated before peeking out. I had to se f I could catch a glimpse, even though I didn't expect to see anything.  as wrong though. Jake was apparently the kind of boy who pulled his pant nd underwear all the way down when peeing. So even though he was standin ith his back turned. His round boy butt was fully visibly to me. My hear tarted beating faster by the sight of the half-naked boy I was spyin n. I heard the soft trickle of him peeing mixed with a low tuned of Jak umming. When he was done, he bent over briefly exposing his hole betwee he cheeks. I could feel the blood rushing to my dick and panicked a littl etracting my head, and started to speed walk away to make it look like  ad kept going. Meanwhile I tried thinking very unsexy thoughts to make m ick go down. Luckily when Jake caught up with me my penis had gon ufficiently flaccid to make it not embarrassing. No matter what Thor ha aid, I still found it a little embarrassing to have a boner, mostl ecause it was the new guy I was around, but I also weren't quit omfortable with it even, with the others.

"You know you don't have to be shy around me, right?" I said. Not using th ole-playing voice.

He gave a short mumbling answer, that sounded like. "You don't say." Al hough I wasn't quite sure. Maybe this had been a little much, given wha e had been though. I decided to go back into the role again. He had seeme appy and even cheerful when we had been pretending to be someone else.

A few minutes of half walking half climbing over smooth, sun heated rock e came to a halt, at a difficult climb. I was climbing first since it fel atural for my role as the guide. The sun had now risen completely and th eat had started to build up. It wasn't just the difficulty of our furthe rogression that had made me stop. Something even more interesting ha aught my eye.

"Why have you stopped?" Jake asked, in his ethereal tone of voice ndicating he was still playing.

I looked back down at him, as he was making his way up to me.

"The next part might be a little difficult." I said in the raw masculin one of voice, I had been using. "But I think we are getting close, look.  said, pointing towards what I had seen. Jake looked over at the smoot edge I was pointing at, just high enough so you couldn't see up ove t. Maybe the bigger guys, Thor, Matt or Andre could do it, but Jake and  ere too small. But what had actually caught my eyes were not the ledg tself, but what was painted on it.

On the light gray bare cliff was a painting of a boy, with his back turne gainst the viewer. As with all the other native paintings the boy wa ompletely naked, and painted in amazing detail. Even the shades an revices of his back was so lifelike that I could have easily mistaken th ainting for a real person, if I had only seen a glimpse of it. The nativ oy was painted attempting to climb the ledge, with one foot on th round. The knee on his other leg was bend, lifted above his waist tryin o get a foothold on some nonexistent crevice in the cliff. The leg pose xposed part of his balls and the tip of his penis behind him, making m eart beat a little faster with excitement. Luckily my excitement didn' tart to show. The arms of the boy were stretched over his head, grabbing  old of the ledge above him as if he was trying to haul himself up there ut had difficulties.

"Huh?" Jake said, almost like he didn't believe me, when he saw th ainting. He made a startled jump as if he had just heard a sudden lou oise or something.

"Holy cow that scared me." He said, looking at the artwork as if he didn' elieve his own eyes.

"Easily startled?" I said, in character.

"Not usually." Jake replied in kind. "But I do admit this got the jump o e." He tilted his head as he regarded the piece of art in front of him.

"Incredibly lifelike, I have never seen anything like it." Jake said. "Fo  minute I thought it was an actual person. He moved closer to inspec t. The sunlight was hitting it directly, so the figure was full lluminated.

"I have." I said. "There are some more in the forest. I didn't think ther ould actually be anymore around here." Jake looked at me.

"I wonder if those are native pictures or if it was put here later. ake. "I can't believe the detail." He ran his fingers over the painte oys back.

"I think they are genuine, no one would go through this much trouble, jus or our benefit." I said. "Look" I said, stepping closer. "This boy i aked, and has a tattoo on his arm, right here." I pointed to one of the u tretched arms. A dark tattoo that looked was painted on the boy's righ orearm. It looked like it would have circled the entire circumference o he arm if it had been on a real boy, and one side of the circle, the on acing towards the boy's hand, had an uneven jiggered pattern.

"I see, you think it means something or is it just decoration?" Jake asked.

"I think it means that this is not just a painting. This is a portrait o omeone who has been here." I said. "No one just draws a random naked bo n a stone wall, on an island like this."

"Wow." Jake said. "That's so cool." We both stared at the boy for a momen onger before Jake asked.

"Why do you think he is naked?" He seemed shy, to even to ask. I though bout it for a moment, before answering.

"Maybe for the same reason I am." I said. "The natives probably didn't hav  reason to be clothed in the first place. Maybe they didn't even hav abric."

Jake nodded and made a sound indicating what I said made sense.

"I have seen documentaries about native tribes in South America, whom ar lso naked all the times, or at least wear very little clothing."  ontinued. "I bet it's the same thing here. But I also think it's more tha hat." Jake looked weirdly at me.

"What does that mean?" He said, a little dryly.

"I told you. It doesn't feel right to wear clothes here, it just doesn't.  said.

"And I told you that, that didn't make sense." He retorted; it was clearl n uncomfortable topic for him. But in all fairness, he had been the one t tart it. "I think we should follow him."

"What?" Jake said.

"You know, we could follow him up there." I pointed. "Maybe there is  eason he is painted here. To lead the way."

Jake looked up the ledge was pretty high up for two scrawny teenagers lik s. But then again, we weren't really two scrawny teenagers, but a hug arbarian and a crafty wizard.

"Maybe if I gave you a boost." I suggested. "Then you can try and pull m p." Jake nodded but added.

"Maybe it's better the other way around, you are stronger than I am, so yo ill have an easier time pulling me up." He said. It felt weird bein escribed as strong, by anyone. And the compliment made me blush a little.

"Ok." I said and broke eye contact. While I got ready, Jake kneeled dow nd cupped his hands, so I had a stepping board. I took a step back, t ave more momentum, then set off. In a few seconds it seemed like w ouldn't make it. I flung my arms over the edge and fought to get a grip.  as painfully and aware that my dick was accidentally pressed agains omething fleshy, that could only be Jakes cheek. To Jakes credit he didn' et go. I panicked a little over the embarrassment of having my jun gainst Jakes face, and fought like a mad man for a few seconds to get  old on something. Then by a stroke of luck my hand caught something, i elt like a crack in the stone, and I had something to haul myself u ith. As I pulled with all might, Jake pushed up on my foot. Maybe it wa ust the strong incentive to get my dick out of his face. Whatever it was t worked. The next thing I knew I had tumbled onto the warm rock urface. It took me a few seconds to gather myself. There was something od bout the sounds up here. There was a distinct sound of something ver amiliar on the air. The muffled sound of splashing water and a breeze o ot, very humid air rushed over my back and bare butt. Slowly and with  eird feeling in my body, I got to my feet. The sight that met me wa nbelievable. Not two meters in front of me was a huge basin of water urrounded at all other sides by large walls of rock that formed anothe edge, several meters further up. A thick mist covered the water, makin he furthest wall of the pool invisible and only discernable further up th liff. The most amazing part was the constant stream of water that fel nto the pool from a crevice in the rock several meters up, running dow he smooth stone and falling into the pool that was at least fifteen meter cross. The sound was apparently muffled by thick fog that lay over th ool. The second thing I registered was a wall of heat that hit my bod rom the front this time. It was so intense that I staggered. It occurre o me that the fog wasn't fog at all. It was steam. I stared at th nbelievable scenery in front of me. What in the world was this place? Thi as something straight out of a fairytale. I half expected there to b ymphs playing in the water or something like that.

"Seb?!" A voice called, from somewhere behind me. The call snapped me ou f my wonder. Jake sounded both curious and maybe a little worried. But o ause he couldn't see neither me nor fantastic sight in front of me.

"Yes." I yelled back. With difficulty I tore my eyes from the pool, almos fraid it would be gone if I looked away. I got on my knees and looked ove he ledge down at the confused Jake.

"Next time I give you a boost, please wear pants." He said, rubbing hi hin where my dick had touched it, as if to get the feel of it, off.

"Never mind that." I said, excitedly. "Get up here, you have to see this.

"What?" Jake said. He stopped rubbing his chin and looked at me. "What i p there?"

"Just grab my hand." I said. I kneeled down next to the ledge and reache own with my hand towards him. Hesitantly he grabbed it, and starte oisting. I did likewise but it was no use. Jake was surprisingly light ut my awkward position made it impossible.

"Let's try something else." Jake said. "Be ready to grab my hand."

With a few steps back Jake made a running start and approached the wal ith a dash of speed.  Then with one foot on the wall, for leverage, Jak umped up reaching for my hand. I caught his wrist and he caught mine. The ith a single well timed pull of all might, I dragged him the last of th ay up. I fell over backwards and landed on my back, with Jake landing o op of me. "Wow, hi." Jake said after a few seconds of staring into m yes, only millimeters from my face.

In the seconds he was on top of me, I felt how thin and feather light hi ody was. Then he rolled off me and set his eyes on the wonder before us.

"Wooow" He said. "What is this place?" He stood up and walked all the wa o the edge of the water. I got to my feet as well, watching him take i he sight.

Without a word, Jake slowly reached down and touched the water with hi and, drawing it back immediately.

"Ouch." He said, but he didn't retract his hand. "It's hot..." he turned t e. "It must be a hot spring. Those are all over the place in Japan."

I looked at him. Then down at the obviously steaming hot water. I reache ut and touched the water. Immediately I wanted to retract my hand, as th ot water scolded my skin. It was just a little bit too hot for comfort, s  pulled out my hand again.

"Ouch." I said. "How is that even possible?" I was pretty sure I knew th nswer but I wanted to be sure.

"This must be a volcanic island." Jake said. That also explains why ther s this tall peak on one side of the island, while the rest is so lush.

"When you say volcanic, does that mean that there is a volcano here?"  sked. "Not sure I like the sound of that."

"It means you are standing on one." Jake answered, smirking at me. He sa own on the rock lowering his feet slowly into the ho ater. "Uh... aaaaah." He said, looking satisfied. "Don't be nervou hough. Most volcanos are dormant, there is no reason to suspect that thi ill erupt anytime soon, if it will at all." I mumbled a vague response ut didn't argue. I knew next to nothing about volcanoes, but he seemed t now a lot about the subject. I sat down next to him; legs crossed.

"Is that safe?" I said. "I mean..."

"Should be fine." Jake said. "In fact, in Japan, hot springs are thought t ave healing properties. They can also help with emotional problems or b he vector for spiritual awakening."

"Wow..." I said. "I had no idea. Tryingly I stuck out one foot and slowl ank it into the scolding water. I hissed between clenched teeth as the ho ater tickled my legs. The water was alive with thousands of little bubble ickling my feet and shins. "So, do you live in Japan or what?" I asked.

"No, I live in the US, I just come there often. My grandparents liv here." He said.

"You go to hot springs often then?" I asked.

"Sometimes. But not really anymore." He said. I was silent for  oment. Jake didn't say much unless we spoke about his interests, I ha oticed. Then I started lowering myself further into the water, inch b nch. I hesitated just when my privates, that weren't so private any more as just a few millimeters from the surface of the hazy active water. Thi as always the hard part, since this was the most sensitive area. Finally  pulled myself together and slid completely into the water. The feelin as astonishing.  I still had a tight grip on the edge, because the unclea ater made it impossible to see the bottom. But I discovered that the wate nly went to my belt area. I lowered myself all the way into the water. M ody was completely surrounded by fizzling milky water, it was like bein ickled with a million tiny feathers at once all over my body. "uuhhh."  aid giggling like a schoolgirl. "It feels so ticklish." Especially my dic nd balls were sensitive to the bubbling hot water that I had to clamp bot y hands over them, until I got used to it. When I had gotten more used t he sensation, I leaned back against the smooth stone and sighed deeply.

"This is so relaxing." I whispered, as I felt all tension in my bod vaporate. I looked up and Jake who seemed to be lost in his own thoughts.

"Aren't you coming in?" I asked.

"No, I am just fine here." Jake said, not looking at me, but just sittin ith closed eyes, like he was far away in his own mind.

"Come on it's amazing." I pushed. "You don't have to be shy, in fact yo on't even have to take off your underwear or even your shorts, so what i hey get wet you just have to try this."

Jake breathed deeply and opened his eyes, he looked at me like I was dumb.

"You don't wear clothes in a hot spring at all, that is just no appening." He said. "Besides it's not just you seeing my... thing...  on't like taking off my shirt either.

"What is wrong with being bare chested, it's not like you're a girl."  aid.

"So, what!" Jake said aggressively. "I just don't like it. I'll take off m horts if you want me to strip so badly but the shirt stays, and you don' o into a hot spring with clothes on, unless it's a fudoshi. So, it ain' appening!" He said. He turned his head sternly away from me and didn't sa nything else. After a few seconds of icy silence that not even the ho pring could reheat Jake pulled his legs out of the water and stood up.

"I am going back to the camp; the others must be awake by now." H aid. "I'll leave you to your wellness." He said, in a cold tone. H tarted going over to the edge to jump down.

"Wait!" I said quickly standing up and scrambling out of the water.  anaged to grab his arm just as he was about to scoot down the ledge to th latform below.

"It's ok if you wanna go back but please don't be mad at me. I am sorry i  pressured you but I just want to be your friend. And you look like ther s nothing you want more than to soak in that hot spring. What could yo ossibly have that I haven't seen before?"

"Jake looked up at me, he didn't retract his arm, he didn't try to leave h ust looked at me with a tormented face.

"I do have something, but it's not very pleasant to look at." He said, ver uietly. "Please don't make me. I don't want you to see it."

I smiled at him.

"Don't be silly, whatever it is I am sure you are making it worse than i s." I said encouragingly. I didn't know what he meant, but I was sure tha hatever it was, it couldn't be that bad. I dragged him to his feet unti e stood in front of me, looking down and to the side, holding his lef pper arm with his right hand.

"You don't have to show me." I said, putting both hands on hi houlders. "But at least tell me what it is. This is obviously troublin ou." I tried caching his eyes but he avoided mine.

It took a moment before he said or did anything. Then he slowly grabbed  old on the right armhole and pulled out his right arm from th leeve. Then he slowly grabbed the lower rim of his T-shirt and pulled th abric up over his right shoulder, keeping it halfway on. His eyes wer lenched as if this was emotionally painful to do. Jake was slender an hin, but not so much that you could see his ribs. In fact, he looked lik  boy that puberty was transforming into quite a handsome young man. M yes were immediately drawn to the thing that Jake was afraid to sho nyone. Covering his right breast was the scar after a huge burn mark eaving a light-colored patch over his olive skin. In addition, he had  ong surgical scar just above his nipple.

"Wow, dude" I said. "What happened?" I asked. Jake started sobbin uietly. "It was three years ago on a camp out with my class. Two bigge uys started chasing me around the bonfire and... and I ended up fallin nto the fire." He started sobbing and sniffing louder. "A branch stabbe e right here." He pointed to the scar - and I had to go to the hospital  nd now I am gonna look like a freak forever" He started crying loudly.  as stunned. He was so fragile and scared over this. I did the only thing  hought was right. I embraced him. Not caring that I was naked and wet.  ust held him close in my arms. We stood like that for a long time. My han n his back, moving slightly up and down, the other on the back of hi ead. His arms around my waist, resting his head on my shoulder. He wa ust a few inches shorter than me, so I pressed my mouth against his hai s my mother and my grandmother always did when I hugged them. I sai othing. There was no need to.

After a long time, Jake talked into my shoulder, with a weak voice. "I wa o afraid, on that other island. I was so scared that they were gonna hur e. They did horrible things. Said horrible things to each other, and me. e sobbed. "You guys are all so nice to me, especially you." He said.

"Of cause we are." I whispered into his hair. "We aren't like them, and w on't hurt people. Especially not our friends. And for what it's worth,  hink that scar looks badass." My last words make Jake snicker which mad e smile. Slowly Jake let go of me, letting the intimate moment pass. H verted his gaze again, this time looking a little embarrassed. I didn' hink there was anything to be embarrassed about, but I could see why h ould feel that way. Boys weren't supposed to show that kind of feelings hat is how I was raised. 'Fuck that' I thought.

"What do you say you lose the rest of that T-shirt and come soak with me?  said. "You deserve it." Jake looked down himself and tore off th wkwardly halfway worn Pokémon T-shirt. He drew in a long breath an ighed deeply

"I haven't been shirtless outside for ages, it feels so great." He said.

"Then just wait till you get naked." I said. "It's a whole new feeling o reedom. Going back to the way things are supposed to be."

I saw Jake reach for the rim of his shorts but then stopped. I already ha oth feet in the basin, but stopped and looked back at him.

"What is it?" I said.

"It's just. I haven't been naked with others for a long time." H aid. "Not even my father has seen me naked in three years. I am just no ure..." He trailed off. I knew what he meant; puberty had changed a fe hings. Things that felt embarrassing to a teenager.

"Then leave the underwear. Honestly, I don't care just as long as you fee omfortable. This isn't Japan so who cares what you wear or don't wear i he hot spring." I scooted into the water, standing in the hot bubbly flui nd looked up at my newest friend.

"I know, but I care about that rule. Hot springs are sacred. It's fudoshi' r nothing."

"What is a fudoshi anyway?" I asked.

"Very skimpy, but surprisingly comfortable Japanese underwear." Jak nswered. Looking at the water, as if fighting an inner fight.

"I can go and come back in a few minutes, so you can try the water."  uggested. "But I have a better Idea." Jake looked back at me, listenin or my suggestion.

"From where you stand, you can't see my dick right?" I asked.

"I guess not." Jake answered, with a voice that told me he wanted me to ge o the point. It was also only true on a technicality. True enough th ilky, bubbly water was hiding my actual dick and balls but my pubic are nd hips and, if I turned around, the top of my butt crack were clearl isible over the surface. I was sure that if I had stood somewher ifferent on the uneven bottom, the top of my shaft would be visible, bu here was no need to mention that.

"So we will do it like this. I will turn around and check the other side o he pond. Then you can take your time getting into the water, and I won' ven be able to tell if you are in the nude or not." I told him.

"I don't know..."He began. But I cut him off. "Going now." I grinned, an ith that I turned around, sank down into the water so only my head stuc p, and started moving towards the spot where the water hit th urface. When I got closer the sound of the splashing water got louder. A t turned out the waterfall wasn't hitting the water directly but rathe as hitting a large flat stone that was sitting just a centimeter below th aterline. Making more muffled splashing sounds, which partially explaine hy we hadn't heard it before we saw it. I held still for a while istening to the sound of the water. Though the splashing I could also hea he signature sounds a human made, when they were slowly getting in to  ody of water that was just a little too hot for comfort. The thought o ake had stripped naked and was now in the same pool as me, filled me wit  new kind of excitement. I knew I had felt something like it earlier, no ure when, but it wasn't quite the same anyway. Still with my back turned  rawled up onto the stone and tried going in under the shower of water.  mmodestly walked out again with a gasp. The water struck like a torren nd made me sway, but it was also hotter than the water in the pool.  asped a few times and before I wiped the water out of my eyes, but when  pened my eyes everything had changed. I had walked thought the wate tream to the other side and was awestruck by what I saw.



"JAKE JAKE!" I said a few minutes after when I ran back thought th aterfall and came out on the other side where the Japanese boy was sittin ith his back against the edge, eyes closed. He was clearly far away in hi wn relish, but opened his eyes as soon as he heard me.

"What?" He said, sounding like someone who didn't want to be dragged out o ed.

"I found something, come look you have to see this." I said as I wade owards my new friend.

"Don't come closer." Jake said, suddenly aware. Under the water, I was sur e clamped both hands over his dick.

"Don't worry I can't see a thing, come on you need to see this." I sai xcitingly.

"Ok, but don't look." He said, and still submerged in the water, followe e to the other end of the pool. When I reached the stone with th aterfall I climbed up and without hesitating, went through th aterfall. Jake simply swam around the stone, but stopped as soon as he ha eached the point where he could see what I had seen.

Behind the waterfall was a completely smooth inward curving wall o tone. The barely submerged rock I was standing on widened out into  ompletely smooth stone floor, covered in two centimeters of water. Th ave itself was unreal. It didn't even seem possible that it was forme aturally, even though I knew that is had to be. But the most incredibl hing in here, was the boys painted on the wall. There were eight of the n total, all drawn in so perfect detail, that they could have been aliv eople pressed flat and glued to the wall. The wall depicted the very poo e were swimming in, with the outside part at one end, the waterfall in th iddle and this mysterious part we were in now, hidden in plain sight. Al f the boys depicted were naked, as the others I had seen. Two of them wer learly older than the others, maybe 16 or 17 years old with ful ubes. The others were either hairless down there, were beginning to gro ubes at the base of their shafts, or had hidden genitals due to thei osition. The one on the far left, the one who looked to be oldest, wa tanding on the edge were, Jake and I had first seen the hot spring. He wa esting the water with his foot, a smile of bliss on his face. Next to hi n the water was two younger boys roughhousing. One was lifting the other hile they played around. All the little imperfections in the boys' skin o n their body was shown, but drawn in a way that didn't make them les dmirable but just made them look more alive. Even their penises ha ifferent sizes and shapes. This more than anything else suggested to m hat this were individual depictions of boys who had actually lived an een on this island, playing in this water. In the middle were single bo epicted, a younger boy with just the hint of black pubic hair, standin irectly in the waterfall, legs spread, eyes closed. He looked almost lik e was in a meditative state, being washed off by the scalding wate alling upon him. Inside the hidden part, the section that was still  ubmerged pool, an older boy was washing a younger boy with a piece o loth. The intimate way the older boy was touching the younger whil ashing him, almost made me blush. In the surface it all looked innocen nough, but two boys couldn't touch each other that way in the prudis ulture I had grown up in. Lastly in the part where the pool-floor was jus  barely submerged surface. One boy was laying on his stomach his hea urned towards the viewer, eyes closed. Another was sitting over him, a le n each side, was massaging his back, with what I could only imagine wa ith utmost gentle movements. The water was painted with a light blu olor, transparent so the viewer could see everything that went on in th ater. The light being refracted thought the waterfall and the mix of stea nd mist, made the picture look more alive than any other I had eve een. It was like the massager was actually moving his hands back an orth. It was like the washer was moving the cloth up and down the inne high of the other boy. It was like the playing boys were moving subtly bu npredictably together and the older boy moving his foot further into th ater, to test the temperature. Only the boy in the waterfall looke otionless, even though the water falling around him looked to be moving.

I heard a gasp of disbelief when Jake saw what I had seen.

"This is incredible." Jake said from his position in the water still ooking up at the marvel. I only looked at him shortly to see hi xpression before returning my gaze to the artwork. I noticed that all o he boys had little marks on their body, like the painting outside. Som ad only one, others had multiple, the one giving massage had many, bu here was no discernable pattern as to whom had what markings and how man hey had.

I vaguely heard a splashing sound of a body leaving the water, and vaguel egistered that someone was standing next to me. I was to fixated on th ainting to fully note it.

"Looks like a great time." Jake said, his voice close behind me.

"The natives must have found this place and used it too." I said. "Wonde ow long time ago it was. It could be thousands of years. I said.

"Or maybe just a few hundred, maybe even less." Jake said. The pain oesn't look faded at all. "But there is really no way to tell." I turne o look at his face as he wondered over the painting. He actually looked  ot like the boys there. They had the same skin color and the same genera ark hair color, but without the characteristic oriental facia eatures. Then only now it registered in my brain. Jake was standing nex o me butt naked. He had crawled out of the water to get a better view o he art and in the process had forgotten his bashfulness. Automatically nd more or less against my own will my eyes sought downward to check hi ut, but at the same moment he had realized the same thing as I had. I onl ot a shot glimpse of his cock, before his small hands clamped down ove is privates.

"Don't look!" he yelled so his voice echoed against the stone. He wa lready crabbing sideways towards the water, when I said.

"Come on now. It's too late cat is out the bag." I giggled. "Why not jus elax and get it over with." He stopped but he didn't move his hands.

"I mean, if not for your own sake, then for mine."

"Yours?" Jake retorted.

"Yea." I said. "I have found that I like being naked with others. Eve ince I came to this island. I like the intimacy and loose attitude i rings. I want my friend to be comfortable around me, and I have found tha here is no better way than being naked together. Even touching eac ther."

Jake looked at me with a bit of alarm in his eyes. I quickly clarified

"Not the dicks I mean... necessarily... just like our hug earlier. I wa aked, you were half naked but we hugged anyway, because you neede t. It's just about comfort and there is nothing weird about it."  aid. "I know it." I pointed to the painting. "And they knew it."  inished.

A few seconds went by and then Jake nodded. "Ok." He said. "I get it." Wit  serious expression, as if this was a moment of truth. He took a dee reath and removed his hands, standing up straight and spread his legs  ittle. Between Jakes legs dangled his manhood. It was long, longer tha ine, even though it wasn't actually that big. It was about as thick a ine was but he had a few centimeters on me, for sure. His balls hun retty low, but so did mine right now due to the intense heat in here. H xhaled deeply as if a great stone had been lifted.

"You are right." He said. "I feel so much better." I didn't answer a irst, I was still taking in the sight. He was doing the same thing t e. I could feel it. I liked it. He was finally taking in the view of th hing he had been trying to avoid seeing this whole morning.

"Feeling better?" I asked.

"You bet." He said. "Who knew, that was what I needed." He said. We bot aughed.

"Can I just say you look awesome?" Jake said. "Your dick looks amazing, an our body is fantastic. I feel like I have thought that all day." I smile t him, his words meant a lot, because I knew he meant it.

"You wanna take a closer look?" I asked.

"You don't mind?" Jake retorted.

"No, not if I can look at you in return." I said. I moved closer t im. Even though we were talking about each other bodies, we really mean ach other cocks. I knew that and he knew that. All boys have a fascinatio ith dicks, their own and others. Especially me, after getting to explor ll parts of Matt's body. We stood very close to one another now, facin ach other, both looking down.

"Hold it up and let's compare." Jake said. "I think mine is longer." I too y dick in hand and he took his, holding them up next to each other. Hi ong thin olive colored dick, foreskin barely covering the glands. He als ad just a small hint of black pubic hair at the base of the rod. Next t y chocolate colored, just as thick, shorter and hairless cock. Almos ouching each other.

"Yep yours is definitely longer." I said. Jake grinned.

"Just wait till it grows as big as Matt's." I said. Then you can't compete.

"Haven't seen the others" He said.

"Oh, you will." I retorted. "You wanna try and touch it?"

"Why not, might not ever get the chance again." He said. With gentl ingers he ran them over my smooth shaft. My whole body shivered at th ouch. With no request I reached over and cupped his balls, I wanted t now how they felt. Jake made a little jump with surprise but didn' ecoil.

"They are so heavy." I said.

"It's the heat." He said, and cupped mine in return, the touch made the ingle and shrink but it was in a good way. For a few minutes we felt eac ther up till we were all satisfied with the exploration.

I put my arm around him and said. "See, now we are not just good friends e are best friends. I want to know everything about you." I said.

"Sounds good." He said. "Can I try and wash you, like that?" He asked an ointed to the painting. "I'll just use my T-shirt as washcloth."

"Why not." I said. "After that, I can wash you."

"I'd much rather have one of those massages." Jake grinned. I stuck out m ongue and nodded.



While Jake took a trip though the waterfall, to retrieve his T-shirt,  rabbed the opportunity to view his body from behind. I didn't exactly kno ow, but I had managed to peak the other boy's curiosity beyond hi hyness. I would be lying if I said, that my personal curiosity and desir o explore hadn't been the main catalyst to this. In fact, ever since Mat ad let me explore and play with his, far more developed body, I now wante o look at other boys, and see how they stacked up. How they were differen rom me, and what they liked. But it was also in part because I knew how i elt to be shy, and what just a few days on this island had done much fo e already. I wanted Jake to know that he could talk to me. It had alway een me that felt like I needed this kind of help, and maybe Jake was als elping me a little. I slid back into the hot water and once again felt th arm tickling sensation, around my sensitive areas. Jake came back a fe econds after, with the improvised washcloth.  He came out of the mist lik  Japanese fairy, walking thought the water. The water was just high enoug o cover the penis, but low enough to make it clear that he was stil ompletely naked. He hadn't changed his mind. The old t-shirt was alread oaked and dragged behind him.

"Turn around." He said. I send him a coy smile and complied, leanin orward over the edge to let him wash me. I heard him stir the T-shir round in the water a few times, before he twisted it over my back, lettin he water splash down my skin. Then he started scrubbing my back, with slo ender movements. I exhaled deeply letting a feeling of wellness sprea hough my body. I could still feel that Jake wasn't completel omfortable. He washed my back without shyness, but I could tell that h as being careful not to accidentally touch me with his genitals, he als idn't go too low on me with the washcloth. Needless to say, he didn' ompletely succeed. Every once in a while, the tip of his dick woul ccidentally touch my ass or my back. Every time it did, I felt the touc inkle on my skin for several seconds. I wouldn't have objected to his dic ouching my skin the whole time if that was convenient.

"Your dark skin looks so great when its wet, It's so glossy." Jake sai oftly. His small fingers ran slowly down my back, following the spine an aking me shudder."

"All the little imperfections are completely invisible." He said. I gave a pproving sound. I was so comfortable that I never wanted to leave thi ool again. When he asked me to turn around to, he could wash my chest,  id so only reluctantly. My body was so relaxed that it took time moving.  oved a little so I was sitting on the stone that the boy in the paintin as also sitting on, and leaned backwards on the stone. As soon as I moved  noticed that the treatment had given me a massive boner. Now it was m urn to be a little shy. All the nudity and touching were so amazing to me nd I didn't want to ruin it. I wasn't sure if I still only saw this a onding, if I had been foolish to ever tell myself that. Luckily th nclear milky water, didn't reveal that part of my body. Jake started b wisting the wet cloth over my bare chest before he started washing that a ell. The skin on my chest and my abdomen was a lot more sensitive than o y back, so the tickling cloth made me snicker, just a little bit.

"Is this ok?" He asked, noticing my reaction.

"It's perfect, you're really good at this." I said. Encouraging him t ontinue. He did. With a hand tenderly behind my ear, he cleaned my nec nd my chest. Then he moved further down around my ribcage and my stomach.

The way he was standing now, made sure his long thin dick was free of th ater. It was so close to my face, that I could see every detail, even wit alf closed eyes. I could count the few strands of pubic hair that wa tarting to grow, right where his shaft connected with his body. I coul ee how the foreskin didn't completely cover his bright pink head. I coul ven see the little opening right on the tip of his dick. It was s ifferent from mine. My foreskin was long and made my dick look pointy, hi as tight and made his dick look round. I wanted to rub myself to th ight, my body simply yearned to do it, but I knew I couldn't. Instead  ad to settle with slowly and covertly fondling my balls, under th ater. Jake was now almost done with the treatment, but right as he wa inishing with my lower abdomen under the water, his arm accidentall ushed over the tip of my cock.

"What was that?" Jake asked, he quickly withdrew his hand.

"Sorry that was me." I said. I could feel that I would be blushing, if  idn't have dark skin. "I think I accidentally got a stiffie. I hoped yo ouldn't notice." I could see him blush as well.

"It's ok, I guess." He said, looking away. "I am done anyway."

I repositioned myself, as Jake sank down into the water again.

"No need to be shy about it. It happens all the time." I said.

"Yea I hate getting boners at random. It's so embarrassing..." H esitated. "Can I tell you something?"

"Yea." I said.

"You remember when I had to pee before, right after we killed thos obolds." He said, shyly. He was still blushing and avoiding my eyes.

"I... I'm not actually pee shy. I just had a boner, but I really needed t o... And I didn't want you to see." He said. As soon as he said it,  ouldn't help but smirk.

"Don't laugh, I was embarrassed." He said.

"I'm not laughing." I said, fully aware that I was smirking like a diot. "I would have done the same." I paused for a minute. "As long as w re being honest. I actually looked back at you... from behind so I didn' ctually see your thingy, just you behind." I quickly clarified. Jake mad  pouty face and started splashing water at me.

"I told you not to look." He said. He wasn't angry, just playfully scoldin e for looking. I fell down from my sitting position on the submerged roc nd laughed with him, splashing water at each other for short while. Whe e finally had a truce Jake looked at me, with a devious glare.

"You still hard?" He asked quickly. As if he just had to ask, but wa mbarrassed at the same time.

"Kinda." I said. It had started going down, doing the fight but It wa till not soft in any sense of the word. I was sitting in a squattin osition two or three meters from Jake. I started rubbing my dick to get i o full mast again. I wanted to have a boner right now, It felt right. I ot now then, when?

"Can I... maybe touch it again?" He said. Blushing heavily.

I grinned; I had hoped he would say something like that. I scooted over t im, still rubbing myself under the water and sat down next to him as muc s I wanted these things to happen, I didn't want to be th nitiator. Heaven forbid I accidentally went too far.

I sat so close to him, that our shoulders touched each other. As did m eft leg and his right.

Jake hesitated for just a moment, then I felt his hand gently touch my kne efore moving further up against my inner thigh. I felt a surge o xcitement in my body just before Jakes soft hand connected with m ock-hard dick. Both he and I gasped right at the same time. Me from th udden feeling of having another guy touch my hard dick. Him fro onnecting with it sooner than expected. I held my breath as my new frien elt me up. He clenched his hand around my shaft a few times, to feel it onsistency. "Wow, you weren't kidding." He said. He had that weird look i is face, you always get when you can't see the thing you are reachin or. Eyes turned upward, and mouth slightly open.

"Don't stop." I said. Closing my eyes. I could hear him snicker, maybe i as nervousness, maybe It was him getting a little into it. I wasn' ure. He started moving his hand, in the familiar fashion.

"Do you ever touch yourself?" Jake asked. I nodded. That I didn't used t o it a lot, wasn't important.

"I did it this morning." I said. "What about you?"

"Not for a week." He said, whispering. "I try to go as long as possibl ithout. My dad told me it was a bad thing to do."

"Why would it be a bad thing?" I asked. "The only reason I usually miss ou  uh - Is because it's hard to find alone time when you share a room with  ibling." I said. There was a pause, me enjoying the way Jake was handlin y cock. Jake contemplating my words.

"You are hard too, right?" I asked. He nodded, not hesitating thi ime. "Can I feel you too?" I asked. He nodded again. Slowly I moved m and till I found his belly. Then I moved it down, blindly till my han ound his cock. Jake reacted with a little jump. "Masturbation isn't evil ust because your dad says so." I said. "This is our island and we make ou wn rules. We can jerk off as much as we want." With that I started workin is shaft with slow methodic rhythm. Jake shuddered and made a soun omewhere between a moan and a sigh. It took a few moments for Jake t esume working on my dick as well, and for a long moment all we did was si here and satisfy each other. I loved every moment. I loved having Jake ock in my hand. It was so long, firm, warm and alive. There was a sort o ntamed power in holding an erect cock that wasn't your own.

"Can you shoot yet?" Jake asked. He was sitting with his head leaned back nd his eyes closed. He was massaging my balls now. I bit my lib nodded nd made an affirming sound.

"Me too." Jake said. "If you keep that up I will really soon." I snickere t that remark, but glided over in a muffled moan. Jake had started, ever nce in a while, to slide his hand further down to massage my balls a fe imes before returning to my shaft. I didn't know if that was something, h sually did to himself or whatever. All I knew was that I liked it, an very time he did it my natural response was to moan a little, to tell hi e did something right.

As expected, Jake came first. After a long pause where no one talked, bu ust sat and pleasured the other. Jake suddenly drew in a hard breath an is body contracted. I stopped jerking him off and rested my hand on hi tomach, feeling his muscle contractions as his body released a week' uild up teenage horniness into the milky hot spring. Even though h topped jerking me off he didn't let go of my cock but just sort o queezed it. With his orgasm subsiding he opened a pair of lazy satisfie yes, and smiled at me. Then he moved in close to me putting his head on m houlder.

"That felt awesome." He said. I smiled and let my hand slide over the ski n his belly. With Jake satisfied and leaning lazily against my shoulder,  tarted breathing heavily. Jake hadn't let go of my dick, but wasn't a uch masturbating on it, as he was rubbing it against his palm. Slowly h tarted building up momentum again, until I couldn't hold back an onger. With a sigh I felt my orgasm erupt though my body. Soon after m ick lazily emptied my balls in a few pumps, into the pool where i resumably mixed with the water and Jakes own juices somewhere.

Jake giggled. "I got your stuff on my hand." he said. Holding it up Tru nough a milky-clear vicious liquid was attached to his hand. I giggled a ell. To think that an hour ago he was afraid to even take off his T-shir n front of me. But now he wasn't even grossed out by having my cum on hi and. Maybe cumming once in a while, was really that important, I though o myself. I felt him wipe off my sperm on the rock under us, before goin ack to resting his head on my shoulder. We sat like this for a lon ime. Enjoying each other company and the warm water. I kept thinking ho e would react if I took his hand. Unfortunately, I wasn't man enough t ind out.

When we finally got out of the water the sun was already high in th ky. Since neither of us had a clock, we had no idea how much time ha assed. I was advocating for us staying all day. I saw no reason no o. However, Jake reminded me that the others would get worried if w idn't return.

"Besides I am hungry." He said. His smile was so wide, I couldn't believ his was the same by who had been so timid earlier. He crawled out of th ater near the way we had come. I once again got a look at his slende eautiful naked body. His penis had gone limb long ago, but he wasn' overing up in shame anymore. He picked up his clothes and waited for me t rawl out. The tropical air had already dried out his T-shirt. All thoug t was all stiff and white from the minerals in the water. Both of us too lmost the entire trip back in the nude. But when we reached the beach ake saw fit to get dressed, in case we met the others. I didn't criticiz im or tell him he was a chicken. No one was forced to get naked, eve hough a degree of coercion had been used on Matt. But this was different.

"You sure everyone is ok with you just walking into the camp like that? ake asked, a little of his anxiety was starting to show again.

"I told you everyone is used to it by now." I said. "We skinny dip and wal round naked all the time." Jake still didn't look like he fully believe e. On our final stroll down the beach towards the camp I asked.

"So Sylvis." Using my barbarian voice, and putting one arm around hi houlders. " Did you find the natives secrets you were looking for?"

"Pretty sure we both did." He said in character once again, putting his ar round my waist, as we walked.

[Tags: Exhibitionism, Mutual masturbation.]

