Date: Sat, 19 Dec 2020 23:11:44 +000 rom: Human Man <gladly11@hotmail.com ubject: Island, Chapter 11

Hello again. Here is another chapter, since so many of you like the stor o much. I hope you'll enjoy this part as much as the other ones.


Disclaimer: This story is free fantasy, nothing in it ever happened and al haracters are made up and do not resemble any real person, living or dead.

This story includes a whole lot of irrisposible behaviour, and I do no ondone any of it. Including but not limited to: Sexual behaviour betwee ales younger than 16 years old, underaged drinking, nudity, swearing ublic urination, leaving teenagers unsupervised on a unspecfically locate ninhabited island, pop-culture references, compleate and utter disregar or STD prevention, some stuff you really shouldn't do with a camera ating or otherwise inserting into yourself unfamiliar fruits you find i ature, and bad jokes.

I kindly remind you that I am a stranger on the internet and anything yo ead is on your own risk.

If you like this story and feel like donating, you can. Not to me, I am  epraved person who writes erotic fiction with something that vaguel esembles a plot and then jerk off to the result. No, donate to Nift nstead, cuz they are great. There is a link for that here ttp://donate.nifty.org/

Lastly, I like the idea of adding Tags to a story so people know what the an expect to jerk off to, but I also find them to often be spoiling th tory a little. With that in mind I have decided to put these at the botto f the page, so if you need tags they can be found there.



Chapter 11: Lars - June 15th, Noon

Andre and I were the last to depart from camp, apart from Matt who instea f going out would do the dishes and hang around camp. He was probabl ooking forward to some alone time, to think. I'm pretty sure I would if  as him, after all that had happened last night and this morning. I had  eeling Andre was lingering, waiting for everyone to get going. He helpe att collect the dishes, and threw on a tank top, so that he wasn't just i is underwear.

I took the opportunity to brush my teeth, which I had bee eglecting. Personal hygiene quickly became optional when you wer amping. At the orientation, I had thought I'd just skip all thes ctivities, but if we didn't have something to do when we were out here e'd go crazy. When we finally took off, Matt quickly kissed Andre on th heek. That's what happens when you leave horny teenaged boys on an islan ll alone. I thought. Andre still looked reluctant to share that kind o ffection, but smiled when he was kissed. I still wondered how it ha appened so quickly. Andre was a softer guy hand he'd like to admit, but h ad projected 'straight boy' from the get go, but he hadn't even been o he island 12 hours before he found himself some dick.... Or butt o hatever. He had also told us that he had had at least one girlfrien efore. One whom he'd had sex with, quite a few times, if he was to b elieved. I was a little surprised when Matt also kissed me, on top of th ead.

"Good luck." He said. He was actually smiling; he didn't usually smile.

"Were going 600 meters to find a box, not taking a math exam." I said. "Ho ard can in be."

Matt Shrugged.

"I don't know, these things have so far not been - challenging." H aid. "Maybe that changes soon."

"I hope so." Andre said. "I love a challenge." He gave Matt a touch on th houlder that, if you were generous, could be seen as a caress. I wondere f they were going to get together, or... what would happen. At least  ould have Andre to myself, so maybe I should ask him. I had a few thing 'd like to ask him.

The first hundred meters, Andre and I didn't talk. He'd just walk next t e in the space where the waves washed up and around his angles. I brok he silence first. Andre could be a really quiet guy, I had noticed.

"Is Jake going to be ok?" I asked. Since he had broken down at th reakfast table I had been speculating if the guy was actually in need o ome professional help. I had heard how they had been pretty rough on th ther island.

"I was worried 'bout that myself." Andre answered. "Honestly, I think he'l ake it. He's pretty tough when he wants to be, but his emotions jus oiled over."

"I almost don't want to ask what happened." I said. A pretty sneaky way o sking without asking.

"They made him do stuff, make the food, do the dishes and such. Said th oungest does the work." Andre started. "Called him a pussy cause he didn' ant to take off his shirt."

"And you?" I asked.

"No one tries that stuff on a guy my size." Andre said honestly. "Told Dan hat if she wanted shirts removed she could start with her own."

"Good one." I grinned.

"No, cuz she took it out on Jake." Andre said. "But never mind that now t's in the past and we are here now."

"Hmm. I get why he didn't want to take it off. I used to be prett elf-conscious about it. I don't exactly have great abs." I said. "Do yo now what he is ashamed of?"

"Probably nothing." Andre said. "The kid is a little messed up, just lik he rest of us. If anyone can make him come 'round I think Seb can d t. Would be good for him to have a friend like him out here. I don' eally understand all that nerdy stuff they're into."

"I do." I said. "I can help you understand some if you need it."

"I appreciate it, but I never was a bookish guy." Andre replied. I droppe he subject; we walked another 100 meters without talking. I halfway wishe  had brought my camera.

"Can I ask you a question?" I asked.

"Yea." He grunted. It was hard to tell if he really wanted me to.

"You've had a girlfriend, right?" He turned his head from the open sea t e. I don't think he had expected that question.

"I did, till she left me for a richer guy." He said, the bitterness in hi oice was pronounced. I hoped I wasn't poking a hornet's nest.

"But you had her for a while. How'd you do that?" I asked. I knew tha uestion was weird, but I felt like if a guy could give me a hand job, the e could also answer a personal question.

"What do you mean, how'd I do that?" He asked, as if he didn't understan he question. "You mean how'd I get or how did I... do her?"

"I mean how did you get her. How do you get a girl?" I asked.

"It's not so hard." He said. "You find one you like, and then you talk t er. For the most part you'll know pretty quickly if she wants anything t o with you. Then you get her number, and keep showing an interest till sh oes out to her, then it all kinda goes from there." He paused for  econd. "But I thought you were like Matt, why do you ask?"

"I... am." I said. It still felt weird saying it out loud after keeping i idden for so long. "I have just never understood how you actually get  irl."

"Is this 'cause of that Thor guy you told us about?" Andre asked. "You wan im to be your boyfriend, right?"

"... Maybe." I said. It was true that was what I wanted. The whol ituation was so complicated, even though it shouldn't be.

"I mean, I can't just ask him to be my boyfriend, that's just gonna soun eird." I said. Andre was silent for a moment. I bet he was thinking.

"Listen, I don't know if Thor is gay, or just playing around or whatever. ndre said. "But what I do know that if you want a girl... or in this cas  dude... you gotta be a man about it." He rested both his arms behind hi eck and continued his advice. "You gotta show him you are interested, an  don't mean doing normal stuff for him. I mean making a gesture that show our interest." He stopped and lay a hand on my shoulder. "Afte hat... you make the move."

I was entranced by his voice. He sounded like an old jazz player. A dee mooth voice.

"The... Move?" I asked. "What's the move?"

"It's the easiest and the hardest part at the same time." Andre said. "Whe he moment is just right, you just put your hand on top of his." Andr nderlined his point by squeezing my shoulder. "If he doesn't retreat, loo nto his eyes." His dark brown eyes found mine, in a moment filled wit ension. "And then... you kiss." For a strange moment I was unsure whethe ndre would demonstrate, but he didn't. We stood for a moment with gaze ocked. "If you can do that, after a really good date, then you go ourself a boyfriend."

"Ok." The prospect of doing that seemed intimidating. "And what if he doe etreat?"

"Then you blow it off as an accident and hit the brakes." He said. "That' eally the greatest advice I can give you."

We spotted the aforementioned box not long after, as we resumed walking.  njoyed talking to Andre, he had experience and he took matters of th eart seriously. The last thing I needed was someone making fun of m eelings.

"That has to be it." Andre said, kneeling down next to the box. It was mad f crude plywood, but seemed to be of a pretty good quality. It also had  heap brass combination lock on it.

"You remember the combination?" Andre asked.

"Yea, I read the letter again before we took off." I said. I kneeled dow s well, and lifted the lock so I could see the numbers. It was just thre ials. I turned the first one to 7, the second one to 4, and the third t . The lock released with ease.

"Why even put a lock on it." Andre asked. "It's not like it's gonna b tolen by pirates."

I shrugged and removed the lock, remembering to save it. I was sure someon robably wanted it back.

"A camera?" Andre, said a little baffled. "What?"

True enough the box held 4 items where upon the largest and most noticeabl ne was indeed a camera. It was an old one though. One of those camera here the picture is printed immediately when you take the picture,  olaroid. The other two items were rolled up piece of paper, and an ol chool photo album. The former was joined to the latter with a red ribbon n such a fashion that you could not open the album before you had read, o t the very least, opened the scroll. The fourth item was a cardboard bo hat advertised itself as "Polaroid film"

"Wow, welcome to the 1980's." I said, grinning a little. "What the fuck i his about?"

"No clue." Andre replied. "We should hurry back with this, so we can ope t with the others."

"Screw that." I said. "I gotta see this." With a quick hand motion,  pened the ribbon and unfold the scroll. It was made from ordinary paper hat was colored somehow, and then burned at the edges to make it loo ld. The letter itself was written in a very ornate handwriting. Way to g he extra mile, I thought.



Dear Group Six

Admittedly, this was not much of a scavenger hunt, but don't worry it won' e your last. It is important for you to have this camera, since it is you ay of documenting your achievements and your findings on your island. Som f those achievements might be assignments from us, some may be you wn. Including but not limited to the way you have arranged yourself a amp or around the island. Use the film as you will, but sparingly. Yo ill receive more as your time on this island progresses. You can place an ictures you have taken and place them in the album, these along with you og book, will be used to evaluate your stay here.

The reason you get the camera now, is so you may start out by documentin our transformation into islanders. Your assignment is to dress an ecorate yourself as the islanders did. This way you may document how eac f you choose to interpret this assignment. For reference the photo albu olds an example of how a native boy would have been decorated back whe hey roamed the islands.

Good luck with future assignments.



Whoever had written the scroll had not signed it.

"You already have a camera." Andre said. "Why do we need another one?"

"Councilors doesn't know that." I said. "And mine doesn't print on site ike this one. If I had internet access, they'd go directly to my drop bo ut since that's out of the question, I use memory cards. This is actuall retty neat. I've always wanted to try one of these." I pointed the camer t him and pressed the release. A flash of light later, the camera made  uzzing noise and a black square on a white piece of paper came out i ront.

"Hey!" Andre said, probably just because he was startled.

"I have to see if it works." I said. I took the picture out and shook it  ew times. After a while a shaken picture of Andre started appearin nstead of the black square.

"Close enough." I said.

Andre had picked up the album and was looking it over, as well. All th ockets were blank except the two last pages which were filled wit olaroid pictures.

The first page had close ups of body parts such as the upper arm, hand eg, neck and face of a young man, probably between 14 and 16. His skin ha  very brown reddish tint, much like a Pacific Islander, but his eyes wer tunningly blue suggesting a mixed heritage. His hair was dark and went t is shoulders. All of them had varying strange tribal markings in whit eatured all over the boy's body as well as different primitive pieces o ewelry around the neck, wrist, angle and woven into his hair. I especiall dmired the polished piece of bone; he had stuck though a hole in his ear.

"He is gorgeous." Was the first thing out of my mouth. It felt strange t ay something like that. "I wonder who he is."

"Maybe a previous camper." Andre suggested. "Oh, man. Look at this."

Andre had flipped the page. The next picture was of the same boy but take rom further away to my surprise the buy was totally naked, except for hi ribal getup. There were pictures of both his lower and upper half, and o is whole body from both in front and behind. The boy was out righ tunning to look at. His body was lean and pretty toned, as someone used t orking outside. His penis was very long and of average thickness. He ha o pubic hair at all. His butt was round and firm looking. He had triba arking both on and around his dick, and even on each butt cheek.

"Wow, just wow." I said. I could already feel my dick trying to tear a hol n my swimming shorts. I didn't care if Andre saw, he had both seen an ouched my hard on earlier and he knew what I was into.

"I did not expect that. He looks amazing." Andre said. "I can't believ hey'd give us pictures like these."

"They're probably meant as innocent nudity. I mean, the natives would hav een naked right?" I said. "But I wouldn't mind if that guy was everythin ut innocent." Unconsciously I was massaging my own hard on, though m horts. Which didn't evade Andres attention.

"Didn't you just jerk off this morning?" Andre said, with a grin.

"You mean you jerked me off." I said, which made him a littl mbarrassed. "I can go six times a day no problem, you?"

"I'm up for another round." Andre said. "Still not sure about the materia hough."

"Sorry we don't have any girl stuff, but I seem to remember that you lik oys now." I said.

"It ain't like that..." Andre said. I was already removing my shorts an ince I wore no underwear, I was naked in two seconds. My dick was standin o attention already leaking precum. I couldn't help but pull on it. Th rospect of a jerk off session was getting me all fired up.

"Then what's it like." I asked.

"You know when you like chocolate, and everyone tells you that chocolate i ood, but then someone gives you caramel and it's just... fantastic."

"Yea..." I said. Not sure I was really following.

"Well that's how I felt last night when I fucked Matt." Andre said. "Th ay is ass felt on my dick, the way his body was so different from a gir o much stronger and harder." He exhaled in a way that told me he wa etting fired up.

"And then there is the way he was so into it, he wanted my cock so bad, an  wanted to give it to him. And his dick... it felt so amazing when  ouched it." Andre finished. I couldn't help but stare at him i mazement. The passion he spoke with almost made me cum. I could see th normous bulge in the underwear he was wearing.

"Come on, lets jerk off." I said and sat down on my bare butt in the war and. Andre, who seemed to find himself again, grabbed the waistband of hi nderwear and let them fall down to his angles. The dark cock, sprang ou n the air bobbing up and down. With a sigh he sat down next to me in th and. I couldn't help but check out what his cock looked like in daylight hen it was hard. We started jerking off next to each other, while mainl sing the hot picture of the tribal clad boy, as inspiration. Once in  hile I looked over at Andre masturbating, seeing how he did it.

"You can touch it if you want." Andre said, the third time he caught m ooking.

"Do you think Matt will be ok with that?" I asked.

"He better be." Andre said. "Come on, try it."

I moved my hand over towards Andre's dick without really thinking mor bout it. I wanted to touch it so much. When my hand closed around Andre' ock, I shuttered with excitement. I could feel how powerful it was, ho uch heat was coming off of it. I started jerking him off, with no furthe hought.

"Oh, fuck yea!" Andre said. "Fuck that's good."

Encouraged by his words, I continued with vigor. I moved my other hand fro y dick to caress his inner thigh and cup his balls. They were so heavy an ot, I couldn't help but sigh with delight before returning to my own dick.

"You still want to do Matt, right." I said softly. Andre bit his lower li nd nodded with closed eyes.

"You want to fuck him up his tight little ass." I continued. Andre made a pproving sound.

"Remember when you said, you wanted him to do you too?" Andre made  urious sound and seemed to squirm a little at my words.

"Think about him spreading your legs wide, and lean down over you."  eased. "And then push himself inside."

Andre groaned and shuddered. I felt his orgasm vibrate though my han efore his dick spewed out several loads of cum, which hit both my hand an is own abdomen. My own orgasm came right after that. I shot my load ove y own hand and belly, with a gasp.

We sat in the sand for a while after we had jerked off. Andre seeme uieter than before, which were quite a feat in and of itself. I licked hi um off of my hand, and said nothing.



After quite a while we returned to the camp, all cleaned up and with ou lothes back on. It was already past two, so we had been gone for  hile. Even so, only Seb and Jake had returned to the camp, and were bot aying in the hammock, with what looked like a book. Matt were sitting o he bench at our table, with something that looked like strings. I wa arrying the camera, and had shoved the pack of extra film in m ocket. Andre had put the parchment inside of the photo album to protec t, and was carrying that.

"Hey sluts." I said, grinning like an idiot. I was in a good mood. Seb an ake didn't seem to hear it, but Matt lifted his head and smiled at us.

"Sup." He said. "Was it hard to find? You guys were gone a long time."

I noticed Andre's side glance towards the two in the hammock, befor nswering.

"Yea." He said, but blinked at Matt. He placed the album on the table i ront of Matt, and leaned forward to whisper something in his ear. Whateve t was it gave Matt a curious look on his face.

In the meantime, I took a glance at what Matt was doing. It looked like h ad collected several of the long bamboo leaves and somehow braided the nto long pieces of cord, with little knots every 20 cm or so. It was eas o see which one was the first he had made, and which came later. The firs ne was hopeless, but the rest were pretty decent and got thinner an hinner which each try he had made.

"Did you make these?" I asked?

"Yea." He said. "I figured we wouldn't have anything to bind things with o I looked though out survival book, and it had this diagram." He picke p a book that was lying next to him on the bench. He held it up and showe e a drawing of how the leaves were shredded lengthwise along with th ibers and how the thin fibers could be easily woven together like a braid.

"It's pretty easy when you have tried it a few times." Matt said, an inished the knot on the one he was sitting with. "Now I wanna see what yo ound." He said.

Matt pulled over the album and opened it. He found the scroll first, an kimmed it over. His face seeming to understand something that was a puzzl ust a moment ago.

"Ah, so that's how they keep taps on us, got it." He said. Then he starte o flip though the album to find the pictures that were described in th croll.

"Oh yea, I have seen most of these before, around the island." H aid. "And more."

Then he flipped to that last page and stopped, surprised at what he saw th ictures of the naked teen in his tribal getup.

"Wow." He said, blushing heavily. "I did not see that coming."

"We didn't either." Andre said.

"But, damned he is hot, right?" I whispered to Matt, who didn't directl nswer, but showed every other sign of agreeing with me.

"Fuck, if every guy here is gonna run around like that, I am gonna have  onstant boner." He whispered back. Making both Andre and I snicker.

"It's gonna be a problem." Matt insisted.

"Nah." Andre sat down next to him with, still smiling, and draped an ar round his shoulder.

"I'll take care of any problematic boner you have." He said softly, lou nough so that I could hear it. Then he gave Matt a kiss on the cheek.  ooked over to see if the others had seen anything, but they were too bus eading that they didn't notice a thing.



Thor showed up, not ten minutes later, while we were all busy learning ho o make leaf-cords. He came from where he had left with Martin, wearing hi awaiian shorts, and with a plastic bag full of stuff.

"Wow you found a lot of stuff." Andre said, as it was all spread across th able, in between all of our chords.

Everyone seemed pretty excited about the prospect of dressing in triba etup. The two in the hammock had finally discovered that people wer eturning but were content with staying where they were. They had jus elled a greeting from their position.

"That's an enormous piece of amber." I said, picking up the smooth clump o range, and held it up. "That's for Martin." Thor said. "Or whoever wear t best I suppose, I think we can make something really cool with it, bu e have some more smaller pieces if you want some." We had made littl iles of similar things. Shells, bones, stones, amber, cords and misc."

"Where are Martin anyway, didn't he head out with you?" I Matt asked. "An here is Jacob?"

"They'll be here any minute." Thor said. "We ran into Jacob out there,  ame back 'cause I was thirsty, but they said they'd keep going for  hile."

"We should just wait for them, to dress up, but we can still make som tuff while they are waiting." I said. I had already laid out a pattern o ones, probably from a bird that died long ago, to evaluate how they'd loo n an armband.

"I'll go get the readers, and see if they wanna get in on this."  aid. And got up from my seat. I grabbed the old camera too, I wanted t nap a picture. Then I strolled over to the hammock.

"Hey guys." I said. "You look really comfy." I said, smiling. The two o hem really looked comfortable, as they laid there. If it had been my firs ay on the island, I would have found it odd to find to boys snuggled u ike this, but now I didn't even give it a second thought. Sebastian wa aying behind Jake, using Sebastian's bare chest as a pillow. Sebastian ha  leg and an arm on either side of Jake, and had his own pillow from hi ent. I could tell that Sebastian was still naked, as always. Jake wa earing shorts and a T-shirt, though it was a different dark green one tha e had worn this morning. Both of them were reading the same book at th ame time. Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone. Both looked up when  poke.

"Were getting started with the tribal stuff, if you want to join us."  aid.

"We'll be right over." Sebastian answered. "We are almost finished wit his chapter." He looked really happy, like floating on a cloud happy, fo ome reason. Jake still looked shy, but he also seemed like he was in  eally mellow place right now. He and I really hadn't spoken, so hi hyness was understood.

"Take your time. Martin and Jacob aren't back yet." I said and held up th amera. "Mind if I take a picture? You guys look amazing like that."

"Sure, if Jake is ok with it." Sebastian answered.

"Meh." Jake answered. "You're the one that's naked. Just don't put it o he internet."

"It's an old polaroid camera." I said. "Literally couldn't even if I wante o." Last part was only partially true, there were several ways t igitalize old film. Which I'd do if I got the chance, even though I stil ouldn't put it on the internet.

With a smile I found an angle where the light was best, and the line atched up. I didn't have the digital helping tools that my modern camer ad, but this weren't a difficult shot. I clicked the camera once and  icture was ejected from the front.

"Cool it's one of those cameras." Jake said. "Can I try it?"

"Sure." I said and handed him the camera. He immediately pointed the camer t me and clicked the release. The picture was, less than good, but Jak rinned at me and leaned back to finish his chapter.

When I returned Martin and Jacob had appeared, both naked, at the other en f the camp. Jacob had a waded-up wet piece of orange fabric with him an as walking a little funny. I figured he had stepped on something. Marti as looking a little distort.

"There you are, we were about to start without you." Andre yelled out.

"I didn't realize we had this much." Jacob said. "You didn't hog the bes hings did ya'?"

"Nah." Andre said. "Where are the fruit you collected with Seb and Jake?"

"They have them." Jacob replied. "Where are they?"

"Here!" Sebastian said as the two of them were coming over. "I left th ruit in the back over there." He gestured vaguely towards the tent wher ake was putting the book back into.

"Great, Jake can you bring them over so we can mix the paint? Then we ca et started making things." Matt said, loud enough so that Jake could hea t. Jake knotted and reached for the bag, but Jacob interrupted.

"We can't, Matt we still have to settle our bet." He said. I raised a yebrow. I did remember Thor saying something about a bet, but it had bee ate last night and I didn't remember.

"What bet?" Sebastian asked but no one answered him.

"Can't we do that tonight instead? We wanna do this now, and we waited fo ou." Matt said.

"We could, but if we paint ourselves and then go swimming, then we jus ash the paint off. We have to do it first." Jacob answered. I vaguel emembered what it was all about now. Matt and Jacob had made a bet of som ind.

"I hate to say it, but Jacob has a point." Thor said. "If we do it later hen we'll just ruin it all."

"What's this about?" Jake asked, and Sebastian shrugged at him.

"Matt and I made a bet last night over a ping-pong match. If I beat Matt e'd come skinny dipping with us.

"And if Matt won?" Sebastian asked, seeming to get the idea.

"Then I'd stop bothering him about it." Jacob said. "Come on we'll jus ake a quick dip and get nice and clean."

The others started shrugging and getting up from their seat, I could fee y heart beat a little faster. I had been naked in front of most of thes eople by now, and was getting used to seeing a dick everywhere I turned m ead, but we had actually not gone skinny dipping all of us togethe efore.

"Wait... so were all gonna go... naked?" Jake said, his voice seeming  ittle distressed. He had set down the plastic bag with fruit in it.

"You don't have to if you don't wanna. But come with anyway, it'll b un. You can wear just your shorts." Andre said "Come on, no one is gonn ake fun of you."

I saw Jacob blink at Matt and send Jake a reassuring smile, before he hor, and Martin rushed to the beach, snatching their towels on th ay. Matt seemed to slouch a little and walked next to Andre, while  ingered behind a few paces in front of Sebastian who had one arm drape round Jake's shoulders, talking to him in a low voice.

"Just keep your shirt on too, and say you are afraid of getting a sunburn. e whispered softly.

When we reached the beach, both Martin and Jacob headed directly into th ater, already shoving each other in horseplay. Thor removed his shorts i  single motion, facing the ocean and away from us. I watched his pale but ush into the surf, and it made my stomach surge a little. Crap, I wa oning up too.

Andre started by removing his tank top, revealing his sweet upper body efore fumbling with the knot that kept his shorts in place. Matt hesitate t his underwear, he had been hard to convince when he had been drunk, an ow he was presumably sober.

"Argh, fuck you guys." He groaned and dropped his underwear. I caught a nitial glimpse of his cock. It wasn't entirely flaccid even though yo ouldn't call it hard. That gave me a little more courage to take off m wn short and jog towards the surf, with my semi-hard on jumping freely u nd down.

I ran into the waves until the water wouldn't allow it anymore, and trippe e. The shock of the sudden cold, even though the water was more than war nough for swimming, made me want to stand up again, but I kep eated. Further out Jacob and Thor were roughhousing with Matt, who in tur ere protesting halfheartedly.

"Get him down!" Jacob yelled, while Thor was grabbing Matt from behind an ried to lift him.

"No, argh!" Matt screamed as he was plunged into the clear beach water.

"Hang on Matt!" Andre yelled, and joined the fray. It took them exactly te econds for the group to engage in a most vicious game of 'dick grabbing ith Matt as a very reluctant, and therefore very defensive, participant.

Meanwhile Sebastian and Jake were still on the beach. Jake didn't seem lik e wanted to take off his clothes, and Sebastian was trying to convince hi o come swim anyway.

"Just go, Seb. I know you want to go play with them." Jake said.

"Yes, with you." Sebastian said.

"Hey Jake?" I said, crawling a little closer up the beach. "Is this abou ou being shy of being bare chested?" I asked because I knew the feelin ll too well and had only recently gotten over it. Because I had alway een chubby, for most of my school life I hadn't liked taking my shirt off.

Jake nodded, and looked like he was caught between a rock and a hard place.

"Then just leave that on and strip everything else. Trust me you'll lik veryone a ton better when you have skinny dipped with them." I said.

Jake looked to Sebastian who nodded encouragingly. I could tell that h lushed, but grabbed both shorts and underwear and dropped them to hi ngles at the same time, before stepping out of them. Jake's dick wa igger than I had thought, but maybe that was just me that ha tereotyped. It was about the same size as mine actually, except his wa hinner. His foreskin only barely covered the head, which were differen rom both Sebastian's and mine.

"One more thing." Sebastian said and grabbed the lower rim of Jake -shirt. Before Jake could protest, pulled the fabric out and tied a tigh not right at Jakes lowest rib bone, so that his bellybutton was free o he fabric.

"Now your T-shirt won't get so wet, and your... bad part is still covered. ebastian said. Jake looked a little surprised but then he smiled. Then h ook Sebastian's hand and they both ran to join the others, that wer laying at around waist depth for the shortest of us.

"Hey you joined us." Martin grinned while trying to avoid Jacob who wa till trying to grab for his privates.

"Oh my god, this feels so good." Jake squealed. "It's like.... UAAAH!" Tho ad suddenly ducked under the water from behind Jake, gone between his leg nd stood up with Jake on his shoulders.

"Woah!" He stated laughing. "Don't drop me" He squealed. It didn't tak ong before Seb was sitting on Andre's shoulders in the same way, and w ere all laughing and splashing.



When we after a good ten minutes of playing around, followed by ten minute f relaxed conversation, we decided to get out of the water and return t he task at hand. Especially since we wanted to take the pictures while i as still light out. Luckily, we still had plenty of hours of sunligh eft. First out of the water, Jacob managed to snatch Matt's underwear o is way up the beach.

"Hey! Give me those!" Matt yelled and ran after the howling and laughin acob. Everyone else laughed as well as they quickly gathered thei lothing, and followed troop. No one but Matt felt the need to get dresse gain. Sebastian had his arm draped over Jake's shoulder as they bot atched the scene.

"Alright you caught me." Jacob who were surprisingly fast had stopped dea n his tracks and turned to face Matt. I was walking by with my own short n hand, and was still pondering whether or not I should put them on.  ecided to throw them on top of my tent instead.

I saw as Matt reached to take his underpants from Jacob, who did a las ich effort to evade Matts hand.

"Jacob cut it out - enough now!" He said, in a commanding tone. Jacob sen im a last pleading stare, while still holding the fabric. Both were silen or a few seconds.

"uhg... fine!" Matt said, in a defeated tone of voice, and snatched hi oxer-briefs only to throw them aside. "Pervert." he muttered as he joine e and the others at the table. Since it was unpractical for us to all si round the table and make stuff, Jake and Sebastian volunteered to mix th ruit juice in with the wet mud and paint each other first.

"We're going over there behind the tent, so it's a surprise." Jake said nd dragged Sebastian with him.

"All right?" Andre said, seeming a little bamboozled.

"Is it me or are those two acting strange?" He continued when the pair wer ut of hearing range.

"Sebastian is a little weird, in a good way." I started. "And Jake is shy hy is that so strange?"

He seemed out of idea's since he just shrugged.

"I think Seb somehow managed to gain his trust." Martin said. I noticed h adn't said anything in a long time. He was working on attaching the bi iece of amber to chord. Everyone looked at him.

"Haven't you noticed that this is happening a lot on this island?" H dded.

"Isn't bonding kind of a thing you do at camp?" Matt said. "Getting ne riends."

"It's more than that. I have shared a lot more with some of you than I hav ver done with people back home, or at any other camp." Martin said.

"That kind of happenings when you plunge a bunch of teenagers on an islan nd make them fend for themselves with weird tasks." I said, I wasn' ntirely sure what he was talking about. He sounded like this was som pecial quality of this island. Something I could only be skeptical of.

"Well, we know of another island where they did the same, and it turned t onflict."

"I heard that." Andre said in a tone only someone who had lived it coul uster.

"That's true enough, I guess." I conceded. "But I can't help but think it' he company and not the place." I looked at Thor who was sitting opposit e.

I was working on a long piece of twine that would wrap around m aist. Both Matt and I had decided to wear loincloths, same had Andre.  ad a few ideas with some other features but I didn't want to wear too man ccessories.

"Are you really gonna let us take pictures of you, all naked with triba etup?" Matt asked. "Unlike the other pictures Lars has taken, someone els s actually gonna see these."

"So? Who on earth could see those pictures, that I don't want seeing m ick?" Jacob asked.

"Your parents? Your friends at school?" Matt suggested.

"They have all seen me naked before, except the girls and it's only becaus  don't have gym class with them. I highly doubt they are gonna show anyon ur naked pictures. That sounds like something that could create an uproa ack home in prudish America..." Jacob said. "...Or Canada." He added wit  side glance to Martin.

"I still feel like it's wrong to wear clothes on this island." Marti aid. Once again sounded like he was starting to track down a path o ysticism. "It feels like a profanity."

"You sound like you think this island is sacred." I added.

"In a way I think it is." Martin said. "Not that we are becoming religiou uts or anything. But we can keep some things sacred right."

"I get what you mean." Thor interjected.

"I agree." Jacob said.

"I still don't get it." I said. This all seemed like a strange position.

"I can show you what I mean, if you are willing to give it a try and kee n open mind." Martin said.

"Sure why not." I said. "What do I do?"

Martin seemed to ponder my question for a while, then said.

"For now? Just do your best with your markings and tribal wear." H eplied. I may have imagined it, but I thought I saw him and Jacob exchang ooks. Thor also smiled weirdly at me and winked when I caught his gaze.

Sebastian and Jake returned after a while. Curiously both were wrapped i lankets, even though it was still pretty warm out, and probably would b ntil sunset.

"It's a surprise." Sebastian answered in response to everyone's questionin ooks, as he took my place around the table. All I could see currently wa  white line that crossed down over his right eye, much like one of thos cars you always saw on badass cartoon characters. It made me think o ratos, from God of War. Jake didn't have markings in the face at all lthough I could see some on his arm that looked like a rune.

"Thor, shall we?" I asked. I wanted to be the one to paint him, and vic ersa. Probably because I wanted to be alone with him as much as possible.

"Hang on as sec." Thor said, and finished a knot on his artwork, befor etting up and leaving his seat to Jake.

We went behind the tent where the two of them had left their supplies read or us. The bowl of paint had taken a consistency of thin oil-based pain nd had a curious bone-white color. The two of them had also spread out  uge towel with a clear indentation in the sand below that suggeste omeone had laid there.

"I suppose it was easier painting someone laying down." Thor said. "Yo anna go first?"

I placed myself on the towel, which already had white stains from th revious person to be painted. I started by laying face up on my back wit y arms spread to the sides. I heard him take some paint from the bowl an ustle around next to me. The light was very bright from above so I had t lose my eyes.

"What are we painting then?" He asked.

"Surprise me!" I replied. "If I had to direct him though every step then i ould quickly become tedious." I jerked when the cold paint touched my ski he first time, but he started stroking his fingers along my body, th eeling turned very pleasant. I felt how he ran his fingers over my ches nd I couldn't help but letting out little sighs of pleasure. The pain eft a weak tingling where it touches and Thor's hands brushing against m ade me shutter with delight. I felt how the blood started collecting in m roin and how my dick was growing. My normal impulse was to cover it or tr nd think of something that would make it go down. On the other hand, thi as Thor. If there were anyone I wanted to see and play with my boner, i as him. I enjoyed how it felt when he worked my belly and my thighs specially when he worked just above my dick. Once in a while he stopped t onsult the photos. He hadn't yet commented on the naked boy in there.

"Turn around." I he said. He poked my hard dick once with made m ingle. Since the paint had dried surprisingly quickly once applied,  ould turn around and lay on my front with no problem. The only problem no eing that my dick was pressed uncomfortably against the ground. He didn' se as much time on my back as on my front, but I noticed that he lingere uite a while painting something on my left butt-cheek. I hoped it wasn't  ick, but I didn't think so.

"There, you're done." He said. My body had gone into relaxation mode, s etting to my feet was a little stiffly. I still had a mean boner, but non f us took notice of that anymore. I had gotten a lot of stripes, much lik  tiger. He had painted a rising sun over my dick. I couldn't see what h ad drawn on my butt, or on my back. Too bad we didn't have a mirror.

"I think you look great." Thor said.

"Agreed, looks awesome." I said, still twisting and turning to see. Wher ver there was paint a tingling sensation radiated and made me want t mile.

"My turn." Thor said, and laid down flat on his stomach, which gave me  reat view of his ass. I had a perfect idea for what to paint on his back o I placed a leg on each side squatted down on top of him, halfway sittin n his butt. The feeling of physical contact made my balls tingle and m ick jerk. I was tempted to rock back and forth but resisted the urge.

"That tickles." Thor said when I put my finger to his back, to start th ainting. I took my time. Since I wanted it to be symmetrical, and I als anted to sit like this for as long as possible. When I was done, I ha ade a very complex drawing of Mjölnir, since it was so fitting fo is name and Nordic heritage. Feeling frisky, put paint on my entire han nd place an upside-down handprint on each of his butt-cheeks. It looked  ittle like someone had grabbed him there while making out with him, o omething. Thor giggled, but didn't protest too much when I did it.

"Turn around." I said, when I was done with his backside and ready for hi ront. When he turned, I saw his throbbing boner stand out from hi ody. Maybe it was me sitting on him and caressing him, that had made hi his hard. I had to resist the urge to touch it, and just ignore it.  ecided on a simpler pattern on his front and made some lines that define he muscular features of his torso and upper arms. On his chest, on th eft side above his nipple. I made a symbol that vaguely resembled a se urtle, and on his right upper arm I made a symbol that looked like a rtistic fishhook. Then I moved further down to the abdomen. Right abov is dick I made an arched drawing of a rising sun, with curving patterns o unrays going to all sides just like he had made on me. In order to do it  had to gently grab the dick and hold the throbbing member out of the way y touch made Thor squirm, but he didn't stop me. I had my head reall lose to the area, so I caught the scent of his hot cock. It was s rousing that I didn't even think about what I was doing, before my tongu as sliding over the exposed tip. Thor moaned in surprise and pleasure an uickly bit down on his own arm to prevent himself from making too muc oise. I wasn't stopping. I had a chance to pleasure Thor and I wanted t o through with it. I threw all sense of carefulness overboard and licke im again. Thor's breathing fluctuated and his dick sputtered a little bi f liquid out onto my tongue. The taste was intense, and made my heartrat lare. I closed my libs around the dick and started sucking on it. No articularly fast or hard. Just sucking gently on the tip while holdin ently on his balls with my hand. I was masturbating myself with the othe and and came before I had even really started, but just groaned into th ick I had in my mouth. Then Thor lifted his hip, still fighting to make n oise, in case the others would hear. I felt his juices shoot out into m outh, almost faster than I could swallow it.

It was over as quickly as it had begun. Thor's dick was still dripping wit as running down the side of his still hard cock. I had sat back in th and right next to the spot of wet cum I had shot onto the sand.

"Oh, dude." He said, still heaving for breath, and somewhat in a hushe one. "Not what I expected."

"Sorry." I muttered. "I know it was..."

"What are you apologizing for, that was great." He whispered. "I just go urprised."

"Yea, I know." I said. Still a little ashamed of how impulsive I had been.

"No worries, I could have stopped you if I didn't want it." H hispered. "But maybe a warning next time?"

"Next time?" I asked, with a little laugh.

"Hell yea." He whispered. "I love doing this stuff, but maybe wait till th thers aren't right over there." He stuck out his tongue and let me hel im to his feet. I noticed both he and I had white spots of paint on ou rivets, from where I had touched. Me on the dick, him on the balls.  oped the others wouldn't notice.

"Not bad." The sounded Andre's verdict after we returned to the table. Th ostumes were really coming along smoothly. Jacob and Martin were the nex o disappear behind the tent to paint each other, followed 20 minutes late y Andre and Matt whom went last, already wearing their ne ewelry. Meanwhile I finished the stuff I was going to wear. I decided on  ollection of leaves, stones and shells strung along a chord and wrappe round each wrist and angle would be enough. That wass accompanied by a ort of skirt of leaves that would cover my private region as well as m utt. This was only for the sake of the camera. Well aware of how big of  ypocrite it made me I was far too careful to have identifiable nude photo f me in existence. I would probably have done it if you couldn't see m ace in them. I had done that before.

Finally, one by one everyone got done with their costumes. A lot of idea ot scratched as they were either too hard to make, to cumbersome or i onflict with other pieces of decoration. It was a good thing to because  udged that we only had, like an hour of sunlight left.

"So where are we doing this? On the beach?" I asked, standing with th amera. "We need somewhere with good lighting and a suitable background."  aid.

"You're the expert" Martin said, as he was adjusting his newly mad ecklace. I noticed that both he and Jacob had boners, but as a good frien nd in accordance with the rules I didn't comment.

"All right I said. Then let's go over here." I said. "We have a suitabl ackground and a few good rocks we can use to sit or lay on. The ligh omes in from the west so we need to get it without the flair, unles hat's an effect we want."

That evening we took a lot of photos. I was pretty sure we had used up th ntire first roll of film by the 15-minute mark. Luckily, I made sure t ave all the individual photos done first.

I wasn't surprised when Thor volunteered to go first. Thor was one of th hree who had decided to go naked in the pictures, dick out and all. He ha ery few accessories on him, only a necklace with a spiraling seashell i t, and a single band of leaves around his right angle. I took a few ver rtistic shots of him, with him leaning against the rock, staring into th orizon. I also needed to get a pic of the artwork I had made on his back o I instructed him to lean against the rock and I'd take it from behin eaturing both the hammer on his muscular back and my hand prints on eac f his firm masculine buttocks.

Matt went next, since Martin wanted to wait. He didn't feel like having  oner on camera, which we all understood, even though Jacob claimed h idn't see any reason why not. Nevertheless, he wasn't volunteering for th ext pictures either. Matt, in contrast to Thor has a minimal amount o aint, but looked extremely hot, nonetheless. He had symbols painted o oth arms, legs and chest that were all taken directly from the album a ar as I could tell. Patterns that circled his arms and often imitate lants. He was wearing a standard, Tarzan style loincloth made from a ver ld and now torn blanket whose already greenish-brown color made it loo uthentic enough, going between his legs, then under and over a cord tha as bound around his waist. Random pieces of beach found items were drape rom the belt, and from straps around both his wrists and upper arms. H eemed content with having his pictures be of him sitting on the rock ooking thoughtful. Nevertheless, the pictures were worthy of a prize.

Andre who were next in line had a lot more drawing over his body. All wer ade in asymmetric spiral patterns covering his chest, abdomen, back, an uttocks. Curiously he had chosen a loincloth design which only covered hi rom the front so his genitals were hidden, but his butt was full isible. This resulted in pictures where you could easily see his balls an ometimes his cock when photographed from behind in sudden angles.

Martin, who had finally managed to become flaccid, took his picture tanding atop the rock, much like he was preaching from above. The man ntricately woven patterns on his body coupled with the crown of pal eaves on his head and the huge amber necklace made him look quit mposing. Both he and Jacob who went next had chosen to put paint on thei ocks. Unlike mine, it didn't look like it was an accident.

Jacob's solo pictures were all of him laying down and with me taking th icture either from a bird's eye view, standing over him or from the sid ith him lying on his side as well. Jacob had a vicious boner doing hi ntire photo session and seemed stone cold about it. His painting had a lo f randomly painted figures all over his body. He wore only a cord aroun is head and around one wrist with stuff woven into them. Largely becaus e had been unsuccessful in making the accessories.

Jake and Seb had only a single solo picture each and shared the rest ither slacking on the stone leaned against each other, staging a fak onversation with inflated gestures, and even one that could very well b ade into a poster for a jungle action move with Sebastian standing with  amboo staff leaning forward with a serious expression, while Jake crouche n front looking in the opposite directions, seeming ready to act at  oment's notice. A little bit silly, but the picture turned out quit wesome. Both Jake and Sebastian had held their art hidden from the rest o s, using blankets which they discarded with a dramatic reveal. I could se hy they had decided to keep it a surprise to the rest of us. Both of the ad gone over the top with their costumes. To my surprise Jake was no earing a shirt. Either Sebastian had talked him out of it, or he had jus ecided that this was more important. The right side of his chest wa ominated by a huge circle which extended over his shoulder, almost makin he nipple invisible. Centered on the circle were concentric circles o rcane looking runes painted, which extended up his neck and all the wa own his arms and legs. His shoulder long hair was woven with feathers an e was wearing several necklaces full of shells and smaller pieces o mber. He was wearing a strange piece of underwear what just barely seeme o contain his dick, and had a twisted piece of fabric that went in betwee is butt-cheeks. All in all, he looked incredibly cute and handsome at th ame time.

Sebastian had an even more over the top decoration. He had decided to g aked like Martin and Jacob. His paint consisted almost exclusively of  ingle dragon, whose head was draped over his shoulder and twisted its bod own his body till its tail ended around his left foot. A long scar lik tripe crossed vertically over one of his eyes. The white paint, like o ndre had a sharp contrast with his dark skin. He had single cord aroun is waist with a few pieces of decoration on it, which gave him a littl it of an Ethiopian vibe. His costume was punctuated by a long bamboo staf hich was decorated with feathers and leaves as well. Both Sebastian an ake had decided to wear a matching crown of woven tropical flowers. In m pinion they were a little too feminine for my taste, but all in all i ooked awesome.

Jake was more than willing to take over the job of photographer when it wa y turn to be photographed. I decided on a few very common tribal poses aking faces at the camera and such.

"Do you guy's mind if I take some with my own camera too?" I asked. When  licked the last time on the polaroid. "I can send them to you all when w et home." The sun had gone down by now, and the sound of cicadae wa illing the air.

"I think I want to get dinner started." Matt said. "Is chicken soup ok?"

"I hate chicken." Jake mumbled.

"I'll take more pictures with you." Thor said. "Maybe we should all tak ome more after dinner; we still don't have a group photo."

"That's cause this old thing doesn't have a timer." I said.

"We'll have to take one before we eat." Martin said. It only took a secon o take the last picture of the day, all of us huddled together to fit i he frame of my camera, with the bonfire and the flash of the camera as ou nly lighting. I was standing to the far left so I could more easily get t y position when the 10 second delay. The camera took 5 pictures in rapi uccession, which blinded us all. Out here it got very dark very quickly.

[Tags: Mutual Masturbation, exhibitionism, oral, body paint.]


