Date: Wed, 16 Dec 2020 17:18:39 +000 rom: Human Man <gladly11@hotmail.com ubject: Island, Chapter 10

It's time again. I thought I'd treat you with the next chapter.


Disclaimer: This story is free fantasy, nothing in it ever happened and al haracters are made up and do not resemble any real person, living or dead.

This story includes a whole lot of irrisposible behaviour, and I do no ondone any of it. Including but not limited to: Sexual behaviour betwee ales younger than 16 years old, underaged drinking, nudity, swearing ublic urination, leaving teenagers unsupervised on a unspecfically locate ninhabited island, pop-culture references, compleate and utter disregar or STD prevention, some stuff you really shouldn't do with a camera, an ad jokes.

I kindly remind you that I am a stranger on the internet and anything yo ead is on your own risk.

If you like this story and feel like donating, you can. Not to me, I am  epraved person who writes erotic fiction with something that vaguel esembles a plot and then jerk off to the result. No, donate to Nift nstead, cuz they are great. There is a link for that here ttp://donate.nifty.org/

Lastly, I like the idea of adding Tags to a story so people know what the an expect to jerk off to, but I also find them to often be spoiling th tory a little. With that in mind I have decided to put these at the botto f the page, so if you need tags they can be found there.



Chapter 10: Martin - June 15th, Noon



It had taken us quite a while to figure out that Sebastian and Jake weren' leeping in their respective tents as we thought they were. I hadn' oticed they were absent at first but had just woken up due to the muffle onversation and the illuminated tent that was so hot, it felt like it ha ust reentered the atmosphere from orbit or something. My hangover wa inimal, but it was there, feeling like someone was blowing up a footbal ehind my eyes. Jacob was there, next to me in his whole naked glory leeping in a position that seemed impossible for any creature to b omfortable in. He was sporting a major boner in his sleep, which made m pend a few minutes staring at him. I was still naked myself, rememberin ur game last night.

Still debating with myself whether or not I should leave the tent as  ere, or if I should give the newcomers a little more time to adjust ostly for Jake's sake. On the other hand, I had made a discovery and  ommitment. You weren't supposed to wear clothes on this island, and tha as that. I made my final decision after a quick peek outside. Lars, Mat nd Andre were all up, none were clothed. In fact, when I looked out, I sa he rather magnificent sight of Andre's dark ass. Since I already knew tha aking up Jacob was impossible. I didn't bother with crawling out quietly.

"Morning." I said as I joined the group. I didn't mention anyone' udity. This was how it was supposed to be, so why mention it.

"Morning to you too, sleepyhead." Andre said, sipping on a red IKEA plasti up of orange juice.

"What time is it." I said, repressing the urge to hold my forehead an roan. I knew that the sizable first aid kit we had, also had a supply o spirin, but I had a little more pride than that. No one should get th dea that I couldn't handle my liquor.

"No idea." Lars said, lying flat on his back on the benches on the othe ide of the table, so all I could see of him was his feet. "Past ten  hink, but who really cares anymore."

Matt returned from the edge of the camp, where he had been peeing u gainst one of the few palms at the edge of the camp. The fact that he wa till naked was the most surprising, all though they were all the leas hree people I thought I would find in the nude this morning. The prudis nd bashful Matt, the shy Lars and the Newcomer Andre. At the time I ha ind of forgotten that Jake existed.

"You feeling ok?" Andre asked. "You look a little... off beat."

"I'm fine." I lied. "Just not a morning person." On instinct I pressed m ingers against my temple.

"Have some water." Andre said, pouring a cup from the flask that hung fro he pole next to him. His long trim body was illuminated by the morning su s he stepped out of the shade. Damn he looked good.

"What you staring at?" He grinned as he stuck the cup in my hands.  lushed but didn't respond. Luckily Lars were too busy with a crosswor uzzle and Matt was going through our stash.

"Deity - six letters. Starts with V ends with a U?" Lars asked abruptly ooking up from his magazine. "What the hell is that?"

"No idea." Andre said. "Maybe do an easier one. Man - it's so quiet aroun ere. I can't remember the last time I slept so well." He sat back down o y side, leaning up against the pole, that held up the sunroof. Behind hi att made a weird sound, between a cough and a laugh.

"Can't blame Jake for sleeping in after what you two went through. I a urprised he can sleep at all."

"I am not the guy that hauls people out of bed." I said, looking over a ars's book to see if I could supply a word.

"Is anything interesting gonna happen today?" Lars asked. "Not that i sn't totally cool to be here, but I am starting to feel... Isolated."

"I like it here." I said. "There are literally no rules, we can do whateve e want. And you have gotta admit, this island is both magnificent an ysterious."

"Yea I get it." Lars said. "But I miss being connected. I miss the interne nd... electronics and stuff."

"You mean your porn stash?" Andre chuckled.

"No, not that. This island has plenty of nudity." He said. "All though b t the wrong kind." He quickly added." Side glancing at me. Everyone aroun he table gave an uncomfortable laugh.

"What I mean is, that we know nothing." He clarified. "Did anythin nteresting happen? Did some interesting bill get passed? Has the stoc arked finally collapsed, sending the world into chaos? Did zombi pocalypse start and are we the only humans still alive? I mean we kno othing."

"I highly doubt that." I said. "I think that is part of the point, we sta ere out of our parent's hair and return later. Nothing has changed."

"Things have changed a lot." Matt said. "For me at least."

"Yea." Andre said. Looking upward with distant stare. "If it wasn't for th ood, we could technically stay here forever."

"Yea, I am not up for that." Lars said. "How is the food stash anyway?"

"Not enough for that much longer. I guess they'll drop off more at som oint." Matt said. "However, we do have all we need to make an awesom reakfast. Anyone want crêpes? We have all we need."

"Hell yea." I said. "Do we have maple syrup?"

"Not unless you brought some - eh?" Matt said, imitating my somewha anadian accent.

"Hey!" I sputtered with false indication.

"Then I can't help you." Matt said. "It's sugar, jam or nothing."

"Peanut butter?" Andre asked.

"Yes, if you wanna be gross." Matt answered. "This usually takes a while s t will give everyone a chance to raise and shine."

While the Matt and Andre made breakfast, I took it upon myself t traighten up the camp a little. Our festivities had made quite a mess o he whole place. I felt like we could build up a very comfortable livin rea with very few adjustments. I shook some sand out of the sunbathin owels that Jacob and I had been using, and picked up scattered clothes an ontainers that had been littered around. It annoyed me a little. Thi sland was sacred to someone, and in part to me. Littering garbage was no eally a way of showing that.

"Hey I am putting these back at your tents, which once are yours?" I sai tanding with an assortment of t-shirts and underwear.

"You know what, I better put these back on." Matt said, snatching what  resumed was his own underpants from the pile, followed by his t-shirt.

"Suit yourself. But why not just keep it off?" I asked. Matt took Andre' lothes as well and threw it at the, now sunbathing, naked boy. "You too. e said directed at Andre, before he slipped on his clothes.

"Because of Jake. Maybe we should let him acclimate a little befor hrowing him in to this whole nudity thing." Matt said.

"Damn I didn't even think about that." Andre said, and started dressin imself. "Could you... maybe?" He said directed at me and Lars. Lars looke p from his crosswords as if he had just noticed the conversation now.

"Sure thing." He said, he got up and went over to his tent.

"How is he ever going to acclimate if we shelter him from it. I realize h ad a rough time, but isn't this the best way to show that we don't judge his is supposed to be a free zone for all of us." I said.

"I know that, and I am not telling you to put on a pair of shorts for a fe ours. I am just asking you to do it... politely." Matt said. "You wante o see my dick, so I took mine off for a few hours, now I don't want to se our dick for a few hours. Can you handle that?" He flipped the thi ancake with an old spatula. The sweet dry scent of cardamom was fillin he air.

"Fine." I said. "But you aren't doing him any favors. If you can get use o it, so can Jake."

"So, can I what?" I heard a voice some distance behind me. I turned my hea o see Jake emerge from the bamboo behind mine and Jacobs tent. Matt looke ike he was ready to throw a blanket over my head, but before he could d ny of the sort, Sebastian emerged right behind him just as naked as me.

"Hey guys." Andre said, sitting up. "We thought you were sleeping, wher ave you been?"

"We've been up for hours." Sebastian said. "We just kind of ran into eac ther and decided to have a look around."

I looked back up at Matt. All though I was dead sure I had caught Jak yeing me up and down, he seemed skeptic, but not surprised or too bothere y my birthday suit. Though, considering he'd been taking a morning wal ith Sebastian who was running around in the nude, he might have alread otten used to it.

"Well you are right on time brunch is ready." Matt said, as he started t lace the plates around the table.

"That smells so good." Thor's voice sounded through the camp as he and Lar ame out of their tent, both wearing their swimming trunks. They started t et the table while I scooted over to get Jacob. With the promise of  elicious breakfast, he wasn't hard to convince.

"So, you are ok with the clothing optional thing, they have going on? ndre asked Jake, a little carefully.

"I guess it's not so bad. I mean. It is pretty hot out here, and... wel here is no girls, so..." He said. "I mean, guys can be naked around eac ther, right?"

"Usually not so much as here, but yea." Thor said, pouring juice fo veryone. "I get why you'd need to get used to it if you don't play sports ut trust me it feels great especially when you are skinny dipping."

"D-do you do it?" Jake asked Thor.

"Not as much as some." He sent Sebastian and I a glance, since we jus appened to sit next to each other.

"It's not about flashing your junk." I said. "It's about wearing exactl he amount, and the kind of clothes that you are comfortable with. For som f us, that just happens to be nothing."

Matt snorted, and I send him a skulking glance.

"I'll admit I was a little shocked when I ran into Sebastian in the nude ut he and I had fun... like really fun and I stopped noticing his - thing fter a while."

Five minutes after I had called for him, Jacob emerged from our tent. Mat ad just finished the last pancake and thrown it on the stack. I looked u rom the crosswords, that Lars and I had been trying to finish and saw th aked figure of my new buddy and - let's face it - my crush, stretch an awn. His red hair was ruffled, his fair skin was showing signs of sligh unburn, despite the colossal amounts of high factor sunblock he had bee sing, and he was sporting a serious case of morning wood which he, i ynch with his nature, was stone cold about.

"Right on time as always." Thor said, grinning at Jacob. "You have a na or showing up right on time for delicious food."

"It's a gift." He said. "Man, that looks good."

"You do look pretty happy to see us." Andre snickered. I was unable t ecipher the look on his face when he looked right at Jacob's midsection acob looked puzzled at Andre, as if he didn't understand what he meant nd followed his gaze downward.

"Oh that?" He said. "I thought we agreed that wasn't gonna be a problem."

"We did." Thor broke in. "Don't shame the boner, that is a rule."

"I remember." Andre quickly retreated. "I'm just joking around. Trust me  et it." He took a crêpe from the plate shoved it in his mouth.  ide glanced at Jake whom had blushed heavily and looked away. He wa learly not completely comfortable with Jacob sitting down next to him lik hat.

Sebastian who was sitting on Jakes other side and was in the middle o mearing jam on his pancake, looked worryingly at Jake and said, directe t Jacob.

"Could you maybe switch with Lars or something." He said. "Jake is stil djusting to all this freedom, and that might be a little too much." Th able fell silent, and Jacob looked a little befuddled.

"Eh... sure." He said. "Sorry if..." He said. He looked at Jake as if h adn't even noticed he was there.

"No, you don't have to... sorry I am..." Jake said. "Don't go, I jus idn't expect to see that today."

"I can put some underwear on if it bothers you. It'll go down in a minute. e said. "I just forgot we had newbies."

"No really. I am ok... just... you guys have a good thing going on and  on't want to come and ruin it, just because I am not used to it. My famil s very religious, I have a hard time with stuff like this."

"Tell me about it." Jacob said. "Nothing worse than being dragged to an ol uilding on your day off, just to be told how horrible you are. I ca elate."

"Really?" Jake said. "Your parents are like that too?"

"Christian nut jobs who think everything that feels good is bad? You bet. acob said. "If they could see me now, they'd flip their shit." He laughe t the thought and bit down into his pancake.

Jake looked up at Jacob, then he looked around at us all, then down at hi ancake. Then suddenly tears rose up in his eyes. With his forehead agains ebastian's shoulder, he started bawling. Everyone stopped eating and for  ew seconds just stared at the Japanese boy crying.

"Jesus!" Jacob said. "I... I'm sorry... I didn't mean..." he looke ortified, but he shut up when he saw the look on Matt's face. Andre wa lready on his way around the table to comfort him.

Sebastian didn't say anything but just stroked his neck. When Andre reache he other side of the table Jacob and Seb made room for him and Jake burie is head in Andre's chest and cried out for several minutes. No one ate veryone just shut their mouth and looked at the scenery or at each othe or confirmation. Finally, in between his sobs, Jake managed to sa omething.

"I'm sorry... It's just... you are all so cool." He said, sobbing like  hild. "I can't remember... the last time someone was so nice to me."

A smile broke out on Sebastian's face as he patted the other boy's back.

"I told you everyone was cool. Why wouldn't we be." He said.

"It's... well... the last place was so horrible, and you just... you lik veryone and make pancakes... and no one is bad." He didn't seem like h ould press out any more coherent words. We all smiled and looked at eac ther. Jacob looked so relived over Jake not really being sad, but jus eing too happy to handle it. If there was something, I had learned abou acob in the last few days it was that he might not always handle  ituation well, but he was ready to accept anyone for who they were. As  ooked at the smiling redhead, I could feel my manhood starting to thro nd I quickly returned to eating my food.

"Hey can you hand me the jar with the reddish liquid in the cold box? acob asked Matt as he took his fourth or fifth pancake several minute ater. Jakes sobs had become no more than soft snorts at this point an ndre had returned to his seat.

"Yea What is it?" Matt asked holding the big unlabeled jar of tinted re iquid.

"It's the juice from that strange fruit you and Seb found." Jacob said. " hought I would try and put it on my pancake. It's so sweet that I bottle t yesterday and now I want to try it on my pancake."

"I really don't think you should be drinking or eating this." Matt said We still don't know what it is, what if you get sick?"

"I drank the stuff yesterday and I feel fine. In fact, I feel really good  just want to try some on my pancake. Don't be a baby." Matt sighed bu anded the jar to Jacob.

"It's on your head." Matt said and returned to his own forth pancake. Jaco idn't waste time, but poured the liquid over his pancake and shoved it i is mouth. The oily juice dripping from his fingers.

"Oh my God that is sooo good." Jacob said, his mouth stuffed with pancake You have got to try this." He said, relishing in the taste.

"I'll try." I said. I had also drunk the fruit juice last night and I fel ine, aside from my alcohol induced headache. I took the jar and poured  mall amount on my pancake. The stuff was very runny and greasy and I fel yself spilling more than a few drops on my body. Good thing I wasn' earing a t-shirt. The unbelievably sweet and unfamiliar fruity tast illed my mouth. The taste, coupled with the buttery pancake was perfect efore long both Lars and Thor were also munching down pancakes with th ew filling. The others abstained, still weary of the fruit.

"Tell me if you start feeling weird." Matt said as he collected the plates.

"All right, will do." I said, while Jacob rolled his eyes and returned t ipe his chest, abdomen and crotch off, from the persistent juice.

"Can we just open the letter now?" Lars asked. "I wanna know if we'll hav nything to do at all."

"Let the others finish up first." Matt said. "But you can get the sack an ind it, so we are ready."

Jake, Andre and Sebastian had retired to a quiet corner of the camp an ooked like they were having a serious conversation with Jake, stil onsoling him.

When we were finally gathered around the cleared table, Matt opened th orrect date and number. We weren't completely sure what day it was afte eing isolated for so long, but a still charged cellphone told us it wa une 15th. We had also gotten the bowl of clay from yesterday and put it o he table. I noticed that it had gotten a soft, dry, and malleabl onsistency.



Dear boys of Island 6

As you may have noticed, your Island is a wonder of strange symbols an ysterious places. You may also have noticed the specific fruit that grow n these parts. It has no official name, because even though it grow trongly on the island, it grows nowhere else in the world. If you hav lucked it and tasted its juice you may have noticed that it is very muc rinkable, and the pulp eatable. Today however your task is simple. Follo he ancient tradition of the islanders and decorate your bodies with wha ou can find. The tribe used to use stones, clamshells and cords that ar asily made from the fresh bamboo peals. The ancients used to mix the frui uice with clay, such as the kind you gathered yesterday, and make a ver nique body paint. Your task is to follow their example, and feel free t se any ancient symbol, found around the island. This is an opportunity t earn about the culture of the indigenous people and an exercise i rcheology and anthropology.

Last but not least, about 600 meters counterclockwise around the islan rom your camp you should find a wooden box left on the beach last night ut on the island by a councilor last night. Inside it, you will find wha ou need for an additional assignment. The code for the padlock is 7-4-2.

Good day.



Matt stopped reading aloud and looked around at us.

"Did I understand that right?" Thor asked. "Not that I don't think it coul e fun, but what kind of assignment is that?"

"The kind where they rely on the honor system apparently" I said. "Ho ould they check if we do it, or just ignore it."

"Maybe this one is optional." Matt said. "If you don't want to do it jus on't. Our island, our rules."

"Oh, I am doing it, it sounds fun." I said. "I was just wondering. Beside here is not much else to do."

"Maybe we should divide the labor then." Matt said. "We have all day, s here is not really any rush but there is also a lot to do in this one."

"Hey Seb, can you show me where you found those fruits? We can collect som ore." Jacob asked. Sebastian nodded, he still had his arm around Jake, wh ad stopped crying.

"I'll go with you." Jake said, in a tiny voice. "I wanna see."

"I wanna go find the box." Lars said. "I am curious about it."

"Me too, I'll go with you." Andre said. "What about you Matt?"

"Nah, you go." Matt said. "I'll see what we have, maybe we can mak omething good from what we have in camp."

"Guess that leaves us." Thor said to me. "We'll find something decorative  uess."

"Yea, I think we should see if we can find some inspiration too, there som ld paintings here and there."

"There is nothing really useful on them." Jacob commented. "In the drawing e've found, everyone is just naked."

"Well that sounds like a place to start, right?" I winked at him, an veryone started to scatter.

As most beaches out there, ours were littered with shells, naturall olished stones, dried up crustaceans, the occasional animal skeleton an ven a rare piece of amber. Thor and I conversed on and off. I was ok wit he limited conversation. I had a weird feeling in my body, almost like a tching tingle on my hands, forearms and shins. My mind was als reoccupied with buzzing thoughts, asserting themselves in my mind. We wer oth walking in the angle high water, trying to find something that coul e decorative. Even with the abundance of things, getting something tha as actually useful for the kind of decoration we wanted weren't a asy. Especially since I could not concentrate. Thor was wading in front o e, his gaze angled downward peering through the shifting surface fo oods. This meant that my eyes were drawn towards his goods. In my optic hor was incredibly good looking. His toned body, muscled upper arms an weat covered abs especially made my eyes fix on him. He was still wearin is Hawaiian swimming trunks which I was both happy, and a little bi nnoyed about. My dick throbbing with my heart rhythm, the glands under m oreskin itchy. The whole thing was stuck between half and full mast. I ha lready entertained a fantasy of putting my hand on his abs, to feel hi uscles. Three times I had thought of excusing myself to go masturbate i he forest. I remembered that I hadn't done it since yesterday. But  asn't really comfortable in just doing it in some random spot in th orest.

"Hey look at this one." Thor suddenly said and bended over to pic omething out of the water. I was drawn to the sight of his butt contourin hough the thin nylon cloth of his shorts. Then he turned towards me, and  uickly turned as well to hide my obvious boner. It was mostly a reflex. A  guy you are so used to making all sorts of little acrobatics to avoi aving your boner spotted. He had told us that he didn't mind boners, but  till wasn't used to it yet. I wasn't like Jacob who couldn't care les bout having a boner in full view of everyone. I loved being naked outsid o much, but even so, this was still a hurdle.

I turned my head towards him without turning my body, as he waded over t e. I tightened my jaw as he approached. There was no possible way I coul ide it, so there was nothing to do but play it cool.

"Look at this." He said. "Look how big this piece of amber is." He came u ehind me putting his hand on my shoulder as he held the uneven, dee range clump up under my face. His touch and the brush of his breath mad e shutter just a little. Why was this such a big deal right now? I ha een touched, pushed, grabbed and roughhoused by Thor before, even when  as naked. We had all been playing around in the sand for almost a wee ow. I forced myself to look at the thing in his hand.

"Y... yea. I think that is amber." I said, my voice cracking. "That i uge." It was pretty big indeed, maybe a little smaller than a golf ball.

"Definitely wearing this somehow, maybe around my neck." He said, admirin is new treasure in the sunlight. "... Or maybe you, it matches your ski one perfectly."

"...What?" I shook my head like a dog, feeling uneasy and distracted.

"You feeling ok, bro?" He Thor said, looking concerned.

"Just fine." I muttered; my simultaneous shutter made my statement ver nconvincing.

"I think maybe we need to get you into the shade." Thor said, sounding  ittle bit concerned. I was honestly feeling fine, but I didn't protest ith his hand still on my back, he led me in between the short wide palms p on the beach. I sat down in the shade, my bare butt feeling the chill o he cool sand. Thor squatted down next to the plastic bag that held th reasures we had found. It had turned into quite a lot. I figured that mos ould be discarded later but at least we had some to choose from.

"Have some water, maybe it'll help." the big guy said and handed me th ottle we had brought. I sipped from the lukewarm liquid and handed i ack, but Thor encouraged me to drink more.

We sat a little while, me still with the reused soda bottle, at an angl acing just a few degrees away from each other so we didn't make ey ontact.

"So, I'm curious why you didn't go with Lars." I said. "You guys seem s lose."

"You could say that." He answered, with an odd snicker. "We share a ten nd even though we are pretty different he is easy to talk to. And a ver ood sleep mate."

I raised an eyebrow and made a funny noise.

"I mean he doesn't snore." Thor clarified, punching my shoulder. "Al hough..." He paused. I from where I was sitting I couldn't see his face ut I was sure.

"What?" I asked prying, the blood starting rushing back into my dick. I ad been hanging on half-mast this whole time, which was part of the reaso hy I had chosen to sit like this.

"Ok... we did once... twice... jerk off together." He admitted. "Just lik ro's - nothing more."

I smirked, my dick twitching. Thor sounded like he wasn't sure why he ha aid it.

"You don't say." I teased, poking him between the ribs. I could feel ho uscular his torso was.

"Come on..." he said. Clearly a little bit embarrassed. "Don't act like yo ave never done that, with a buddy. It's hard to find a good time to do i ut here, so we came to an understanding."

"Hey, I'm the last one to blame you." I said, still with my smug smil uperglued to my face. "Jerk off buddies are a human right in my book." M omment made Thor laugh. "So, you do it a lot? Where do you get off in thi icrocosm devoid of privacy?" He said, and added. "Or have you held it i or a week, and that's why you are hiding that huge boner of yours?"

"I am not hiding it... Can't hide a boner when you aren't wearing pants peak for yourself." I bit back. "Hey easy buddy." Thor said defensively Just joking around, I don't hide my boners any more than you do." H eaned back showing the dent in his shorts. "Come on tell me." H ressured.

"All right." I said, getting to my feet in a quick motion. There is stoo aked, with my cock standing freely out from my body, holing my arm out t elp him up. Thor looked up at me, his eyes squinted against the shar unlight.

"But on one condition." I added. "You got to take off your shorts."

For a moment he stared up at me, as if I had suddenly lost my mind.

"Why?" He asked. "I'm not doing it now, I just want to see where you do i o that I can go when I need to."

"Well firstly, because if you don't take them off, you are going to tear  ole in them." I said, smirking. "Secondly, because my intended plac appens to be sacred and requires you to be naked."

"Sacred?" Thor raised his eyebrow, but accepted my outstretched hand. "Yo ure you aren't getting sunstroke?"

"Maybe so, but those are the rules. Do you accept?" I said. I knew where  anted to take him, and even better I had a chance to see this hot guy jer ff, and I was going to take it.

"Fine." Thor said. "You want to see my dick so badly, that's cool. Didn' ake you for a fruit though." He grinned and hooked his thumbs in the ri f his shorts, before pulling them down. Immediately his cock sprung out i ull view, which gave me a buzzing feeling I'm my sternum. I had seen hi ard before, last night. But it had been dark and I had been drunk. In th ight, sober and well rested his dick seemed smaller than it had yesterday ut definitely not any less hot.

"There, naked Thor for your weaving pleasure." he blinked at me, puttin is hands at his sides, proudly presenting his tool, standing t ttention. "Now tell me where this perfect jack off place is, i feel like  ight need it sooner than later."

I didn't answer but just grinned after eyeing him up and down. Hs frui omment didn't even register in my brain. For a split second I send him  hort wink, before I bolted it down the beach towards my intended target.  eard a confused "HEY!" before the bigger guy started running after me.

Laughing I kept running, knowing full well that Thor was way more athleti han me, but to my amazement he didn't catch up to me until I halted at th udden transition from sandy beach into smooth rocky cliffs.

I stopped and looked up the way Jacob and I had been climbing not too lon go.

"What has gotten into you." Thor said stopping next to me. I was delighte o see that he had managed to retain his boner.

"Quit complaining and follow me. It's up here." With vigorous stride  tarted climbing the rocks upward towards the place I had in mind. I wa onfident I could find it again. I could feel Thor's gaze on my nake ackside as I ascended to the sacred place.

We climbed for what felt like just a few minutes. I felt so full of vigo hat I climbed with no problem. My arms and legs were spinning with fro he strain, and from the anticipation. More than a few times, my erect coc raced a stony surface or a plant, making the tip tingle. Last time I ha een climbing with shorts on, so I hadn't felt the breeze and occasiona bject touching my exposed part. It was the most freeing thing I had eve elt. Freer than swimming naked or sleeping naked next to another naked bo ho didn't mind either.

I could hear Thor behind me. I could tell he was in great shape; he didn' eave for breath. Neither of us spoke though. Thor might have picked up o he fact that I wouldn't respond if he did.

Finally, I reached the right ledge. I shot down a grin at the hunky gu elow me and stuck up my head to look, only to quickly retract my hea gain. Someone was already here.

"What are you doing?" I heard from below me. "Climb up." I quickly looke own and put a finger over my libs. Thor looked puzzled but shut hi rap. With two fingers a gestured for him to come up next to me and see.  oved a little to the left, making room for Thor's massive shoulders. A oon as he saw what I had seen his face contorted in a massive grin.

On the other side of the ledge leaning up against the smooth rock wall ith the painting of the circle jerking boys, was a real life on itting. Jacob to be more specific. Naked as always.

He was sitting, head tilted back against the wall, face contorted as if h as far away in his own enjoyment. His legs were spread wide exposing hi rotch perfectly, all though we could only see his balls jumping up an own as he was holding something against his dick, jerking it wildly wit oth hands. It must have been quite intense, because his face was all re nd his breathing rapid.

"Looks like someone beat us to it?" I whispered, snickering like a 3r rader. Both of us kept lurking at him as Jacob pleasured himself. My ow ock was poking into the stone in front of me, and I was unconsciousl assaging it lightly. I was vaguely aware of Thor's heavy breathing either of us could take our eyes off of the masturbating boy.

Soon Jacob showed every sign of having a grand orgasm. His neck craned, hi aw clenched and his toes curled up. All followed by two thin lines o iquid running down over his balls. I held my breath, while keeping a tigh rip around my dick. The redhead looked so relaxed and still recoverin rom his orgasm. Then Thor poked me in the ribs, and pointed over hi houlder with a thumb. I got his message immediately.

"I'm not sure what good manners are when you stumble across a guy jerkin ff somewhere." Jacobs voice almost made my veins freeze over. "But - I' retty sure staying to watch, is not it."

I sighed... busted.

"All right, sorry." I said. Popping my head up over the edge of the rock  as hiding behind. "I didn't want to ruin your mojo."

"Oh, It's just you." He said, seeming to relax a little more. "For a secon  thought I heard someone else."

I didn't comment. For a second, I wasn't sure if I should tell him tha hor was here, or if I should just hope that he was smart enough to bac ut and disappear. Jacob slowly and groaning got up from his sittin osition while throwing whatever it was, he had been wanking with to th ide. It looked like a balled up and half-soaked piece of cloth, a t-shir erhaps. Jacobs entire crotch area was completely soaked in liquid. His re ubic hair sticking to his skin. His still half erect cock bopped an louched as he rose up, dripping with juices.

"Don't suppose you brought a towel or something, I can borrow?" He sai ith a crooked smile. I shook my head.

"Oh well." He said and shrugged. "Guess I'll have to wash it off in th cean. Then you can jerk off in peace. Good thing the material is here, cu  personally miss the internet a whole lot." He pointed with his thumb ove is shoulder behind him, at the amazing naked artwork.

"Eh, remember your... what is that?" I asked pointing to the thing

"Oh that?" Jacob put his hand behind his head and looked sheepish. "Jus ake's t-shirt."

I huffed.

"Jake's T-shirt?" I said skeptically. "You were jerking off with Jake' -shirt."

"If I say yes, will you not pursuit the matter further?" He asked, for som eason looking a little embarrassed.

I folded my arms, and send him a crooked smile with a look that said "Yo re not getting out of this one, buddy."

Carefully as if he was walking on gravel with his bare feet, he scooted  ew feet to the left and picked up the bundle, before tossing it to me. Ou f reflex I caught it midair, and immediately wished that I hadn't. Th econd the bundle was I my hand it got soaked in what I could only assum as a huge amount of wet cum. The kind you'd produce when you were reall orny and would shoot out in large amounts of very wet liquid. It also fel ery greasy and had a strangely sweet scent.

"Ew." I said. Holding the t-shirt with only two fingers, while the cu ripped from my hand.

"Don't be a baby." Jacob said, and took a careful step towards me, whic or some reason made him wince. I raised an eyebrow, but didn't comment It's not the first time you have had my cum on your hand, and it reall houldn't be a problem for a gay guy like you."

I managed to cringe, just half a second before I heard Thor's outburst

"AHA! I knew it." He yelled, suddenly standing up from his hideout behin he rocks. "You are a fruit." I grimaced as I turned around to see Tho tanding with a smug smile on his face, his bulging arms crossed over hi uge chest. His lower body still covered by the rock.

"Dude?!" I said indignantly, directed at Jacob.

"What? That is what you get for not telling me you brought a guest to watc e wank." Jacob talked back.

"But..." I stammered

"Hey, chill. We didn't come to see you wank." Thor interjected. "Marti ust wanted to show me this place because..." He trailed off "...Well  anted to see it." He finished, his tone very telling. Now it was his tur o blush. Jacob send him an inquisitive look, and turned to me.

"We said we weren't going to show the others yet, remember?" He sai ndignantly. While he was talking the T-shirt I was holding, like it was  ag that had been used to clean a toilet, had slowly unfolded. It was s limy it had taken a few seconds. An item fell to the smooth stone ground nd bounced a few times with soft hollow wooden sound, not unlike the soun  pumpkin made when it hit something hard.

I looked at the thing, fully aware that my face was one big questio ark. One of the slick cucumber shaped fruits, which rolled and scoote ver the stony ground, until it finally came to a rest.

"Whaa..?" I started but Jacob held up one finger, as if he wanted t xplain himself, but had to fight back a cough or a sneeze. I was vaguel ware that he was still rock hard, even after cumming so furiously just  ew minutes ago. Thor looked vaguely amused, with one hand covering hi outh, he was also hard. In fact all of us where.

"Have you ever... ngh... Seen one of those sex toys where you put your dic n a rubber tube and jerk off with it? I got the idea yesterday and..." H idn't get any further before Thor broke out giggling.

"Seriously?" He snickered. I just side glanced at the fruit that Jacob ha een using as a makeshift fleshlight. Sexual fluids and juices wer efinitely leaking out from the clean-cut Jacob had made at the bottom t xpose the slippery, squishy and juicy insides of the fruit. I had t dmit, even though I found the idea silly, it was also pretty genius.

Jacob huffed. "I guess I'll leave you to it. I should wash off before thi ries up." He said, and took a strangely careful step in the direction Tho nd I had come from. But then before he could even finish his step, h rimaced.

"nghh..!" He uttered. His absurdly hard and red-hot dick jerked as a tin purt of liquid drippled from the slit in his halfway exposed and dark-re lans.

Both Thor made a concerned sound, but only Thor reacted before I could an ook a hold around both of Jacob's shoulders, when it looked like he wa bout to topple over.

"Hey, woah. Are you feeling ok?" I said, taking a step forward to look hi ver.

"I'm fine." Jacob said, grimacing at every movement.

"You sure don't look fine." Thor said, looking into Jacobs eye, like he wa hecking for signs of illness. "Are you sure drinking so much of that juic as a good idea." He asked.

"It's not the juice..." Jacob said, but hesitated. "It's just. Promise no o laugh."

"What's there to laugh about?" I asked.

"Well... you know how I used one of the fruits to jerk off?" He asked, a f that image weren't permanently burned to my retina, and was currentl ueling my boner.

"It - ehm - It's not the only fruit I used." He said. Blushing a littl ith embarrassment.

"Eh, what?" I asked, raising an eyebrow. But Thor seemed to know what h eant. He started giggling like a schoolboy.

"You are saying. " He giggled. " That you have one in your..."

"Yes!" Jacob half said half screamed as his body spasmed and he squirted  ittle bit more from his dick. Thor apparently found it funny, cause h ept giggling like a crazy person struggling not to laugh. I just blushed nd looked away my cock now going even harder as I finally understood wha as going on. Jacob had one of those fruit things, presumably a small one p inside him doing a number on his prostate. I suddenly wished Thor hadn' ome with me. Jacob and I had talked a lot about what we knew about se tuff. Especially since I was gay, and he was bi, we had felt like we coul alk to each other. But what we hadn't really discussed our preferences o utt stuff. Mostly because I didn't know where to start with it, and didn' now what I liked in that regard. Also, because up until now, he and I ha ust been masturbating, and grinding a little when we felt frisky. Havin eal sex was completely different from ours, more or less innocent, se lay.

"Yea, yea. It's not that funny." Jacob said, in a humorless tone and with  ew ticks in his face which more than anything made him look funny. "I jus idn't want to take it out with you people looking, I do have some things  don't want everyone to see."

With my help, a few groans and another squirt of clear juice from his dic acob squatted down. He closed his eyes with a pained expression, trying t orce the thing out from within him. A few drops of clear liquid dripple ut but after only a few seconds of hard work, he gasped and groaned. H nhaled quickly and resumed his efforts, but to no avail.

"Jeez, How big is that thing?" Thor asked.

"Not that big." Jacob huffed. "Don't scold me, I have had bigger up there."

"Really?" Thor said, with a sudden smug interest. "Due tell."

"Mind yourself." He said. He made another effort, making his already re ace look like a tomato.

"Gaaah!" he exclaimed when his third attempt failed. "Dammit. I jerked of hree times, how can I even still be so hard and tense?!"

"Eh... I know first aid, but this may be a little bit out of my league. hor said, for the first time he seemed to blush a little.

"It'll come out." Jacob said and sat down with a groan. To my surprise h tarted stroking himself slowly, without a second thought.

"I don't think that's a good idea." I said quickly, blushing heavily as m ick twitched at the sight. "You'll just overdo it."

"I have never been this horny in my life." Jacob retorted, though heav reath. "Are you just gonna stand there? Leave or get tugging." I sid lanced at Thor, who was grinning.

"Don't mind if I do." he said and started massaging himself, on his stif haft, rubbing his thumb over the purple head.

I looked from one to the other, a second ago I had been ready to jerk of ith both of them, but not at the same time. Now it was happening.

"Ok, fine." I said. "But you have to shoot into the groove over there."  aid, pointing to the bowl like crevice in the rock over by the painting o he tribal boys. Jacob and I had shot both of our loads into it last time.

"Eh... what?" Thor said, still massaging himself.

"When you cum." I said. "Shoot it into the crevice of the cliff ove here. It's what the boys on the wall is doing." I said, now massaging m wn dick.

"Oh, like some sort of ritual thing?" He asked, walking over to take  loser look at the artwork.

"I think that by offering the goddess their seed, they gained he avor... or something like that." I said.

"Well, a girl like that, can have all the cum I have." Thor said, pullin t his dick while gently caressing his own chest. I looked after him fro ehind, staring at his perfect muscular ass as he jerked off to the eroti ainting, standing up with his back turned. I sat down next to Jacob njoying the sight while playing with myself. Jacob was jerkin off muc ike one would milk a cow, with slow movements. His dick had to be prett ore by now, if he had already cum three times.

"Can't believe you manage to get him to jerk off here in front of us. acob had leaned over and said it so Thor couldn't hear me. "Not that yo ren't good looking, but he is really something."

"Tell me about it." I said back. "I hope you are ok with me bringing hi ere, I know we said we wouldn't tell the others yet."

"Meh, done is done, and he seems cool with it." Jacob replied. "I don' ind having and audience when I jerk off, I'd just like to know it."

"Next time, I'll make sure you aren't there." I said, grinning. I suddenl oticed Jacob's hand was on my lap, and I wasn't really sure how long i ad been there. I looked him in the eyes, they were full of lust. I didn' top him.

"Next time?" he asked. "Who are you getting next."

I blushed.

"You know what I mean." I said.

"Not really, but I bet you want to. Why not?" He leaned closer to me.  ould feel the heat coming off of him, and almost smell the pheromones i he air. My cock was so hard I would have been worried if it would burst f my mind was not completely elsewhere. His hand was now only a centimete rom my ball sack.

"You really think we should do that? Try and have everyone come here, t erk off?" I asked. I leaned in towards him now. I was caressing hi high. I didn't know why we were suddenly snuggling, but I wasn' omplaining.

"Maybe not everyone, but who knows. Before long, everyone will need to ge heir rocks off, and I bet that drawing can entice everyone." I gasped a is hand was suddenly on my dick, massaging it lightly.

Thor chose this moment to groan loudly and squat down next to the hole.  ssumed he was aiming his cum into the crevice as i had asked him to.

"Who should we start with?" I asked. "Definitely not the new guys, w aven't even skinny dipped with them yet." I said, enjoying the waves o leasure the hand job was giving me.

"Matt is too shy, way too uptight. But I sense he may be softening up. acob pondered, he was leaning against my shoulder now. The scent of th trange fruit was all over him, for some reason it made the situation eve ore intense.

"Maybe Lars." I said. "I think I have a way we can lure him up he... gnnn  groaned as I suddenly came. Jacob didn't stop jerking me off but jus atched as my cum shot twice into the air, and the rest spilled all ove is hand. When my orgasm subsided, I stared up at Thor, who were looking a s with a pretty smug facial expression. His cock was now flaccid and drop f fluids still clung to the tip, occasionally dripping to the ground.

"You are having a little more fun than I expected." He said, grinnin own. "You told me you jerked off together, you didn't tell me you wer nvolved."

"Were not." Jacob said. "Were just jerk off buddies. I just jerked him of  no biggie."

"You don't say." Thor said he was still grinning.

"You have a problem with it?" I asked, maybe a little bit too aggressivel or a guy with cum all over.

"Not in a million years." He said. "Anyway, I hope we can do thi gain. And thanks, I really needed that."

"You're welcome." Jacob said. He still hadn't let go of my dick. "Do yo ind if we have a look at your tool before you leave?"

"Next time, I didn't want to say anything, but I really gotta use th athroom." He said.

"Right, see ya later then." I said. "Remember to pick up all our scavenge reasure, were going to need it.

Thor nodded and lifted his hand, waving goodbye as he left, his hea isappearing as he descended down the smooth rocky hillside. We both stoo p and watched him until he disappeared into the undergrowth.

"That was interesting." I said, looking to Jacob who was standing at m ide, licking my sperm off of his fingers. "Eww." I added.

"What? It's not like it's dirty or anything, it came from you."

"I know, but - really?" I said. "Eating it?"

"It's good." He protested. "Well it doesn't taste like much, but it has it wn appeal - here try." He scraped a little bit off of his own belly, i ad already begun to dry a little around the edges. He promptly stuck it i y face, causing me to lean back.

"No thanks, I'll pass." I said.

"Don't be such a baby." He said. "I dare you." I looked at him for  oment, with one eyebrow raised. "How are you ever going to give someone  J, if you aren't willing to have a little bit of cum in your mouth." H ontinued to pressure me. I sighted.

"Fine, I guess it comes with the gay territory." I said. I gently grabbe is wrist, and licked a little bit off of his fingers. He had lied, i idn't taste like nothing. It was gooey and a little bit salty as expected ut also sweet - like sugary sweet.

"Mmm." I said, as I swirled the gooey fluid in my mouth. "That's good  t's really good! Its sweet?"

"Sweet?" Jacob scraped more off of his belly and licked it off. "Yea!? Wh s mine sweet?"

"Probably because you're soaked in that sugar stuff. I took his fingers, o he hand I still had in mine, and sucked on them to get the rest of.

"Why do I get the feeling that you just got back in the mood?" Jaco uttered. With his other hand, he suddenly dragged me in close. I coul eel the palm firmly on my butt and how his dick was suddenly pressed righ p against mine. I was hard again. I hadn't even noticed I was. I was onl  little sore from cumming not too long ago, and I could definitely go fo nother release right about now. We kissed very deeply. I felt like we ha ust dropped from the cliff. The excitement was so real.

"How about we upgrade to 'friends with benefits'." Jacob said softly.

"Would you mind if I tried my luck on a BJ?" I said. Now that I had taste is juices, It didn't seem like such a scary new thing.

"I want to do that tonight when the others are asleep." Jacob said. "Righ ow, I want to do the thing you did to me the first night. I really love hat. I want to do it right here."

I was a little disappointed. Now that I had psyched myself up for a blo ob, it would be hard to wait. I moved my hand up to his scrotum an ickled the underside with the tip of my fingers. The shaft that was stil ressed against mine reacted noticeably and twitched between us.  emembered that he still had that fruit up inside him, the thought made m nicker a little. I started kissing him around the face, honestly, I had n dea what I was doing, but I definitely seen it somewhere before. Maybe i as in a movie. Jacob seemed like he enjoyed it. His eyes were closed an e now had both hands on my butt, squeezing me closer to him. I too nother thirty seconds like that. Just grinding and frotting agains im. His body was so slick and slippery that my chest, abdomen, dick an alls got slicked up pretty quickly. Then it was time to do what he wante e to, so I moved behind him. I started by caressing his chest and bell ith my hands. My head was on his shoulder, kissing and suckling on hi eck. I could feel him tighten his butt cheeks as I pressed my cock agains hem. Both his butt and my cock were so slippery and wet at this point tha he shaft slid easily in between the two giant muscles. My hand found hi ick again, and I closed my hand around it, massaging it very gently, whil istening to his response. When he seemed like he was ready for more,  tarted masturbating on him. Meanwhile I had started humping him fro ehind. My dick was going back and forth, between the cheeks. I could fee ow his hole was moving and puckering next to my shaft. Maybe one day I' et to put it inside him, for real. The thought made me shudder, and  uickly reinvigorated my efforts. I opened my eyes. The view from up her as incredible. You could see the beach stretching until it bend too fa ut of sight, and you could see the forest of bamboo that spread like  oof. It would not have been unfeasible for anyone to accidentally spot u p here. Not that it was really in my head right now, there was only m acob and nature doing what nature did best. Suddenly I felt somethin ifferent. Jacob gasped and made a sound between a moan and a surprise asp. I felt how my glands was a lot tighter warmer than it had when  sually thrusted forward. It took me a few motionless seconds to understan hat had happened. Jacob's hole had puckered open, at the same moment I ha hrusted forward. With all that slickness down there the head of my dic ad simply slipped inside. It only went in a few centimeters before hittin omething hard. I figured that it was the fruit, still op there. I panicke nd attempted to pull out again, but the motion of my hip sent a shudde hrough Jacob.

"Arhhhh..." He groaned. "Your.... Ghhh." I felt his dick sputter and  ittle bit of warm liquid hit my hand.

"Take it... aahh" He managed to say, as I accidentally pushed back agains he fruit inside him. This time Jacob came for real. I could feel hi ntire body convulse, as I was still jerking him off. I couldn't stop. M ody didn't want to stop. I watched Jacob shoot a huge load out over th liff side. I realized that I had gone too far, but it was way to ate. Like one of those time where you had seized masturbating at just th ight moment where there was no return. I felt my orgasm, only a spli econd before my dick started pumping my hot cum inside. In panic I pulle ut where upon I shot several more loads hitting Jacob on his butt and o he back of his thigh.

As soon as I regained control over my body, I let go and took a step bac olding up my hands. I was so confused.

"I... I'm sorry... I." I began.

Jacob who was bending forward, with his hands on both knees held up  inger to silence me. I fell silent, heard pounding, dick still drippin nto the bare stone. For a second, I thought he was crying, he was shakin  little bit. I saw a few drops of white liquid fall from his butt before  ound object appeared between the cheeks. It fell to the ground with  ound similar to what a melon would sound like if it was the size of a gol all. It was followed by even more liquid which more or less just ran dow is leg.

"That was... better." He said. "But dude... what the fuck?"

"I'm sorry." I said, my voice was shaking. I could feel my eyes burn  ittle. "It... it was an accident."

"How do you accidentally fuck someone?" He said. "Why didn't you pull out?"

"I would have... but then we both came..." My voice was tiny at this point.

"Eh..." Jacob started. There was a very awkward silence. "Well... I hadn' lanned on losing my anal virginity today... and accidentally no less."

"Sorry." I said again. "I screwed up."

"You got 'screwed' right." Jacob said. He was ginning. I didn't believe i e was actually grinning.

"Are you mad?" I asked, carefully.

"Not really. Can't say it's the first thing I ever had up there." H aid. "I can't believe it was that easy for you to get in. That fruit mus ave loosened me up pretty good. Getting stuff up your ass is usuall retty hard." He poked the fruit with his foot. As if it was sitting on ic nd not stone, it moved over the surface a little bit before stopping here was a silence between us. My brain was racing a hundred miles pe econd.

"We better go get cleaned up." Jacob said. "Bring Jake's T-shirt will ya'?"

Jacob and I climbed down, leaving his Impromptu sex toy where it was. Jake -shirt was absolutely soaked in fruit juice and cum so when we got int he ocean, I took to washing it first before I rinsed myself off. I notice hat Jacob was vigorously scrubbing between his butt cheeks and felt a ja f guild. When he noticed my gaze, he simply grinned at me.

After a long time of bathing, Jacob and I headed back to camp. None of u eally said a word. I really hoped that this incident wasn't going to mak hings weird between us.

[Tags: Mutual Masturbation, frottage, suprise buttsex.]

