Date: Thu, 7 Jan 2021 15:18:22 +000 rom: Human Man <gladly11@hotmail.com ubject: Island, Chapter 22

Hello again. Once again ready with another chapter. I just wanna say ho appy I am with all the praising messages I get from you guys. You make m ay, and that means a lot in these trying times. This chapter is specke ith horniness, I hope it makes up for last chapters relative lack of it.


Disclaimer: This story is free fantasy, nothing in it ever happened and al haracters are made up and do not resemble any real person, living or dead.

This story includes a whole lot of irrisposible behaviour, and I do no ondone any of it. Including but not limited to: Sexual behaviour betwee ales younger than 16 years old, underaged drinking, nudity, swearing ublic urination, leaving teenagers unsupervised on a unspecfically locate ninhabited island, pop-culture references, compleate and utter disregar or STD prevention, some stuff you really shouldn't do with a camera ating or otherwise inserting into yourself unfamiliar fruits you find i ature, an (at this point) unhealthily lax attitude towards hyginge unning around a dark deserted island in the middle of the night, sexua olestation of artwork, and bad jokes... also no social distancing.

I kindly remind you that I am a stranger on the internet and anything yo ead is at your own risk.

If you like this story and feel like donating, you can. Not to me, I am  epraved person who writes erotic fiction with something that vaguel esembles a plot and then jerk off to the result. No, donate to Nift nstead, cuz they are great. There is a link for that here ttp://donate.nifty.org/

Lastly, I like the idea of adding Tags to a story so people know what the an expect to jerk off to, but I also find them to often be spoiling th tory a little. With that in mind I have decided to put these at the botto f the page, so if you need tags they can be found there.



Chapter 22: Martin, June 18th - Morning



I wasn't sure if it was the scraping of the plastic spoon in the glass ja hat had woken him or if it was just me shuffling around but I looked u rom my work as soon as is heard the quiet footsteps in the sand.

"It's way too early for... whatever you're doing, isn't it?" Thor's voice e sounded tired and hoarse but to be fair it was ungodly early in th orning. I had made an effort to be as quiet as possible, but it had stil een dark when I had gotten up. Even now the morning twilight still hadn' ifted. Maybe my morning clumsiness was what had roused him.

"Sorry if I woke you." I half-whispered. In a pointless attempt to no isturb anyone still sleeping in the camp, I had gone to the beach to so m roject didn't disturb anyone, but had found Matt huddled up in a blanket leeping in the soft sand alone. After our exchange yesterday Matt and  asn't exactly on the best of terms, so I decided to go back and make sur ot to provoke him any further. Hopefully he'd be in a better mood when h oke up. I'd been thinking hard all night what my next move would have t e. I wanted to show Matt the shrine, it wasn't exactly my secret anymor nd I wanted him to see and embrace it as both Jacob, Lars and Tho ad. But how.

"It wasn't you." Thor said, smiling and sat down in the sand next to me.  oticed he was completely naked this morning. He'd probably gone to be ike that and hadn't bothered to get dressed again. It was a really war his morning, which was part of the reason I'd gotten up early. Naturally  asn't wearing so much as a sock myself. Even if it started snowing today  wasn't gonna put on clothes, not here.

"Lars woke up a few minutes ago, and accidentally stepped on my foot." Tho ontinued. "Couldn't sleep after that, it was so hot in the tent."

"Lars is up too?" I asked.

"Yea he always wakes up early." Thor said.

"Where is he?"

"Doing what he always does in the morning." Thor replied. "Probably ou anking somewhere."

I grinned, turning away from my project to lean back in the sand, supporte y my arms.

"You should have gone with him." I said. "What's could be better tha haring a morning wank with your boyfriend."

"Lars is a man who needs his space." Thor said. "He wakes up early becaus e needs alone time. What are you doing by the way?" He asked in the sam reath. I followed his eyes down between my legs where a jar of chalk whit aste was sitting, a spoon planted in the substance.

"Just some more of that body paint we used a few days ago. I held up th etter from that day, which held the instructions on how to mix it.

"Are you planning on bathing in it, or are you just painting a barn?" Tho sked, humorously. The jar had previously held 3 liters of pasta sauce so  ould see what he meant by the amount I had made.

"I was thinking of painting the alter with it. I said. "I gathered the mu his morning and figured I could let it rest while we looked at the ne lace you found.

"You gathered mud already. Have you been up all night?" Thor asked.

"Almost." I admitted. "I couldn't sleep, and the tent was so fucking hot,  ad to find something better to do."

"You know you're not supposed to wander the island at night." Tho dmonished halfheartedly.

"... I know. Please don't tell Matt." I said sheepishly. "I'm just excite bout the place you found."

"We'll go have a look later, I promise. But I need something from you i eturn." Thor said. I looked at him curiously. Thor wasn't the type to se onditions, so I figured this was more of a request.

"Matt told me you and he had a disagreement yesterday. He said you refuse o show him the shrine you found. I am guessing it's the one with th ircle jerk artwork.

"Yea, I think Lars spilled the beans, unfortunately." I said. I knew it wa  dumb situation. I also knew that even Thor and Jacob had hard time nderstanding why it wasn't the right time to show Matt the shrine.

"Can't you just show him the shrine? I know it's a dumb thing not wort etting so worked up over, but Matt doesn't like being kept out of th roup, don't you see that?" Thor said. "He also said you called him clos inded."

"No, I didn't." I said. "I said I'd show him when he opened his mind  ittle more."

"Kinda the same, dude." Thor replied.

"No it isn't."

"Whatever just don't linger with it. It's spreading bad vibes, and this i upposed to be a happy place." Thor said.

"Well... why didn't you show him." I asked. Thor looked at me as if I wa tupid.

"Because it wouldn't solve the problem. If I showed him, he'd still be ma t you. And I'll rather give you the chance to do the right thing. I kno hy you aren't showing him. You think he'll be embarrassed by what he'l ee. I get that." Thor said.

"Yes, he will. As he is now, there is practically no chance he'll go alon ith the ritual." I said.

"Come on man. It's not that important is it?" Thor asked exasperated. "Yo an't expect everyone to be ok with jerking off into a mountain."

"I know you don't quite get it. But I think it's more important than yo hink." I said. "This island is special, and we need to follow the righ teps."

"Is this a spiritual thing, at this point?" Thor asked.

"Yes, in a sense. It's hard to explain. I just know it. That's why I'm s ager to see the place you found."

"Alright." Thor said shaking his head and rolling his eyes at me. "But i hat's the case, can't you have faith that the mood to cum onto a clif ill strike him when he sees the place, just as it did you?"

"It might." I admitted, but I still doubted.

"In any case, I'm bringing him to see the new place Lars and I found.  ope the two of you can be civil while we check it out. And if possible ee if you can find some sort of compromise."

"I'll be civil." I said. "I got no problem with Matt. I just want to d his my way." I placed a hand on Thor's knee to show him that I wa incere.



It took more than an hour before anyone else woke up and joined us. At thi oint I had stirred the paint as thoroughly as I could and had left the mi f mud and fruit juice to rest in its jar. Meanwhile I was using the res f the juice I'd freshly harvested from a few fruits to massage Thor' ack. The bigger boy was laying on his stomach in the sand while  orked. The rippling muscle felt amazing under my hands. I remembered tha espite how us being pretty confidant with each other, I'd not actuall ouched him in an intimate way before. The closest we'd really gotten wa acob jerking off us both at the same time.

Sebastian and Jake were the first to show, running down the beach toward he water, chasing each other. Both nude except for Jake's T-shirt. Thei unning woke up Matt whom none of them had noticed until it was too late.  ew minutes later Matt strolled passed us, pretending not to hear our goo ornings, wearing only his home-made loincloth.

Next was Jacob getting up walking groggily towards us with a very prominen orning wood, and his hair a disarray of red strands, sticking ou verywhere.

"I'm getting so sick of sleeping in that damned heat." Jacob complained a e planted his butt in the sand next to us. Stretching his neck in  awn. "Can I get in line for one of those massages?" He asked, sending me  evious smile.

"Depends where you want to be massaged, I said, a little more hushed tha e had, despite my doubts that anyone in the camp could hear me for ere. I eyed his boner and waggled an eyebrow at him. At this point I wa traddled over Thor, sitting on my knees, and running my hands up and dow is back. The slick sweet juice was perfect as a massage oil. Anywhere els n the world I was pretty sure others would find it suspect to see m iving Thor a naked massage in the middle of the beach, but not on thi sland with these people.

"As if you would dare to massage me like that right here right now." Jaco aid daringly. He even spread his legs out wide and waggled his erect coc layfully in my direction, his back turned to the camp.

"I'd tell the two of you to get a room, if I thought it would help." Tho aid humorously not lifting his head. I looked into Jacob's eyes, his star nd devious eyes never wavering. He was daring me. Despite that, m oldness took him by surprise. I glanced back at the camp over his shoulde ust to make sure nobody was looking. Since I couldn't see Matt anywher earby I reached down and closed my juice-slick hand around Jacob' ock. Squeezing gently, I ran my hand down his shaft pealing back th oreskin and used my slick hand to gently massage the sensitive head, whil acob breathed slowly. The act was over and done within 30 seconds. Wit he tiniest of huffs Jacob came and pumped a few glistening squirts of cu nto the sand. A single squirt hit Thor's back as well.

"Ew, you got it on me." Thor said. "You're a pair of horny bastards yo now that, right?"

"Don't be such a baby, it's just boy-juice." Jacob said, and scooped th orst of his cum off of Thor's body and promptly licked it off hi ingers. I did the same with the tiny amount that had landed on my hand.

"Thanks bro." Jacob said, and gave me a smack on the butt as he got up fro he sand. "I'll get some breakfast started." I watched his cute roun oy-butt as he scooted back to the main camp, his cock not even limp yet.

"Don't think I can't feel that." Thor said and wiggled his butt, so my ow rect penis was swayed back and forth. It had been making regular contac ith his butt as I had massaged him, but jerking Jacob off had given me  oner, so now it was nested in the crack of Thor's ass. "Don't get an unny ideas back there."



Breakfast was not an entirely consolidated affair this morning, as it ha een some of the other days. Frankly I didn't mind too much. I ended u aving a peanut butter sandwich with just Thor and Jacob. Jacob and I i ur birthday suits, Thor had decided to go commando in a pair of shorts bu as otherwise shirtless. For a while I wondered where Matt had gone, sinc e was nowhere to be seen in the camp. Lars showed up when we'd jus inished only wearing his towel skirt and with his camera round hi eck. We let him finish his breakfast too, chatting back and forth betwee s making plans for the day.

"Do you know where Matt went?" Thor asked, the question mainly aimed a ars. It had been a while since the four of us had seen him, or any of th thers for that matter. I figured that Andre was still in bed, but the tim as approaching late morning.

"Last I saw him he was sleeping on the beach." Lars said, after gulpin own the last of his fruit-juice down. "Why?"

"Just wanted to ask him if he wanted to come with us when we go back to th lace we found yesterday." Thor muttered. "I figured he'd like to b ncluded." His side glance at me was impossible to ignore.

"I don't want him along if he is going to be a sour puss." Lars said. " on't get what the big deal is."

"Given his ominous silence when he walked past us this morning, he doesn' eem like he's in a better mood." I said.

"So, if he isn't on the beach or in the camp. Where is he?" Lar sked. "And where is Seb and Jake for that matter?" I followed his gaze t he hammock I already knew was empty.

"They're splashing around down at the beach; we should ask them along to. hor said.

"I'll go get them, then we meet at the beach." I said. "I really want t heck that place out."

"We have a letter to open too, don't we?" Jacob added from his positio ying flat on his back on the bench opposite the rest of us. "Not that it' mportant, but we might not want to wait with opening those, if today' ssignment is a long one."

"Since when have you become practical?" I asked Jacob, with a raise yebrow and a teasing tone.

"Not practical, just lazy." Jacob said, raising an arm up over the table s e could see his corrective gesture.

"I'll go see if I can find Matt." Thor said, and got up from hi eat. Before leaving he placed a kiss, in his boyfriend's hair and caresse is shoulders. I too swung my legs over the bench to get up myself.

"Alright, let's find people and open the letter first." I said over m houlder.



To my surprise there was no trace of either Sebastian or Jake on th each. All I found was the discarded blankets Matt had been sleeping with o when I returned to camp, I was surprised to find the only same thre eople I'd left there.

"Where is everyone?" I asked when I got back into earshot.

"No clue." Jacob said still chilling on the bench in the same position a 'd left him.

"Andre, isn't in his tent." Thor said, coming back from where the tent i uestion was set up.

"There is nobody at the toilet shed." Lars said shrugging hi houlders. "Where did they go?"

"That's typical." Jacob huffed and lifted the arm he'd slung over his eye o protect them from the sun which was were staring to hammer down. "Wha f today's assignment is something that takes all day."

"It hasn't so far." Thor said, having wrapped his arms around Lars fro ehind and rested his chin on the top of his head. "But it might be a goo dea to make sure. I'm a little more worried about the place we wanted t how you." he continued.

"Why, if they're not here they'll have to see it some other time." I sai mpatiently.

"Normally I'd disagree but I'm not sure it's a place we can reach withou wimming when it's high tide and it's low tide now, if we don't go, w ight have to wait till tomorrow."

"Frankly I'm a little relived not to have a grumpy pants like Matt wit s." Jacob said.

"Well you guys are the ones who left him out of the group by not includin im." Thor shot back. "If you'd just take him to that goddess then you' ave a much easier time around him."

"I will." I interjected. "But I don't see him going along with the ritua s things stand."

"Jerking off into a crevice in a cliff is not a ritual." Thor said.

"Also I bet I could get him to do it." Lars spoke up unexpectedly. Everyon ell silent and looked at Lars.

"What?" He asked. "Matt isn't a prude his just shy. I'm not sure if  entioned it already, but he, Andre and I jerked off together one night.  now I have told you that."

"I'm still not sure I believe you." Thor said and kissed the top of hi oyfriend's head before he let go.

"Well it happened; we were all pretty tipsy though." Lars continued, ther as a hint of redness on his cheek that had nothing to do with the scaldin un.

"Are you willing to see if you can make it happen?" I asked. At this poin  had a hard time seeing how I could get Matt to warm up when he was mad a e.

"I guess." Lars said, pulling back a little bit. "I think you'll have t onvince Andre too, Matt is too shy to do it by himself. He might suspec t's a prank."

"How the hell could it be a prank?" Jacob asked, but Lars just shrugged.

"Okay, of you think you can make it work, then you can try. Under th ircumstances I think that's our best bet."

"This island is turning into a fraternity." Thor said, rolling hi yes. "So, what do we do about the letter.

"Let's read it." I said. "If it's something easy will wait till everyone i ere, if it's something that needs doing soon, I guess we'll do it."

With that Lars went around and found the sack of letters, going through th ile of paper till he found one with the right date on it.

I noted the envelope was thicker than normal and watched impatiently a ars unfolded the content from several foldings. Within whatever it wa lid out another piece of paper which Jacob snatched before it hit th round.

"It's a map of the Island." Lars said and laid it flat on the table using  ew random belongings to hold it down. True enough it was a map of th sland, undoubtable taken from a grainy satellite photo. There was no nam rinted or any text at all printed on the map except for a curious serie f numbered black dots that circled the island from 1 to 30 which wasn' arked in order but seemed to be divided randomly.

"Ok, a map." Lars said puzzled. "And a bunch of numbers in a circle." h ounded more befuddled than I felt, but maybe it was just my poor ma eading skills. I had never seen anyone print something like that on a map ut I didn't know anything about cartography.

"Do you know what it means?" Thor asked, not directed at anyone specific.

"Not a clue." Lars said. "There are 30 dots, who navigates like that? The aven't even marked north, so I don't know anything about what is in whic irection. There is not even a scale."

"Well the camp is here." Thor said.

"No that's the Alter." Lars corrected. "Camp is there." He took hi oyfriends hand and moved it rather than pointing himself.

"If you say so." Thor mumbled.

"Maybe north start is at one?" I suggested but got only shrugs in return.

"It's a workable hypothesis." Lars said. "Does anyone have a compass?"

"It's a riddle of some sort." Jacob chimed in. "Listen to this:"



"Connect the number in Malakaya's flock on the cusp of manhood, with th pokes in Mokoiko's crown. Connect the blessed in the pools of milk wit hose residing in Hanana's Grove. Untold riches will unfold before you."



"What the fuck does that mean?" I asked, looking around on the others. Tha ounded to me like utter nonsense. Everyone else seemed as puzzled as  as.

"What else does it say?" Thor asked, but Jacob just shook his head.

"That's all." he said while studying the backside of the letter to see i here was anything written there. "They didn't even include a greeting ust that weird riddle."

"What the hell is a Malakaya?" Lars pondered, spelling out the word t s. "We must be missing some clues."

"Does this island have any pools?" I asked, but nobody seemed to have a nswer.

"Well screw that assignment in the ass." Jacob said and placed the useles etter under a coffee mug. "Let's go look at that place you found befor he tides." He got to his feet and stretched his naked body while the res f us looked at each other wonderingly. "You guys coming?"

Unable to make heads or tails of the letter we decided to head out.



As much as I wanted to bring along the letter and ponder about it while w alked, it was difficult to do so given that nudism meant I had n ockets. Jacob was as nude as and Lars was wearing a towel, so they weren' ny help and the very short European sport shorts Thor was wearin tretched tight over his magnificent behind, didn't have pocket ither. When we passed the empty alter I was still turning the strang entences in my head to see if any of it rang a bell. It was only when w ere on our way and it was way too late, that I figured we could hav tuffed it into Lars' camera bag. Instead we shoved it back into th nvelope and left it on the table under something heavy for the others t ind. Sebastian and Jake were our resident explorers, maybe they knew wha he heck the riddle meant.

Lars had suggested looking through the, as he put it, old racist document bout the islands to see if he could find something that made sense. H ouldn't remember much of the details and couldn't recall anything tha ade sense in the context of the riddle, but I supposed it was worth  ry. I kept having a feeling that I had missed something. Like there wa omething around the island I should have found that would make at leas ome of what was written make sense.

After going counterclockwise around the Island, as opposed to clockwise th ay I usually went when I wanted to visit the shrine and pay m espect...or get my rocks off depending how you looked at it, we came t here the bamboo forest suddenly ended and where the rocky mountainous par f the Island began after walking past the newly designated altar, whic ould serve as a drop off point between us and the people running thi eird summer camp.

"Huh." Jacob said as he watched Thor climb onto a boulder and helping th ess agile Lars. "I don't think I would have noticed you could go tha ay."

"As I said before we're not sure whether this passage is mostly covered a igh tide." Thor said, and held down his hand to help up the nex uy. Jacob eagerly took his hand and nimbly scaled the hurdle followed b e.

"If that is true, it also means we can't stay too long." Lars observed an ooked over the water, there was a little bit of concern in his voice. Th rospect didn't bother me too much though. It's not like we were plannin n staying for a long time anyway.

"So, I have a question." Jacob began after traversing several more boulder ollowing the coastline. Even though the terrain was rough the water wa elatively quiet and the stone was dry. With no restrictive clothing, i as easy to jump from stone to stone, even though you had to be careful no o touch bare flesh to a sun exposed surface for too long. Lars had th ardest time with his skirt and his lack of physical prowess. This mean hat he often had his skirt raised to waist height for better mobilit hich exposed his voluminous ass and dangly cock. It was somehow mor ttractive when you only occasionally saw his nudity in glimpses.

"Since you are a couple now, are you going to go public with it?" H ontinued. There were a few moments of silence before Jacob got a nswer. I was curious too, so I kept my mouth shut.

"When you say public..." Thor started, but trailed off.

"I mean are you going to tell the others? Just on the island, I'm no alking about your parent's even if you could reach them from out here."

"I guess..." Thor said carefully and looked over at Lars. Neither of the eemed to know how to respond.

"Do you think anyone would disapprove?" I asked, curiously.

"Matt and Andre wouldn't." Lars said matter-of-factly, even though h ounded like it wasn't quite enough.

"I know you said you'd jerked off with both of them." I responded. "Bu hat doesn't mean they'd approve. Male sexuality has some weird rules t t."

"Yes, but I know they'd be cool with it." Lars said, sounding a little bi rritated. I figured it was mostly about being questioned than anythin lse.

"On the other hand, Sebastian would bombard us with questions." Lars sai s if the prospect sounded a little exhausting.

"I don't mind that." Thor chimed in. "I guess we'll do it, but we need t ind the right time."

"There is never going to be a right time." Jacob said. "The first time  old my parents I was bi, I did it doing a post-church Sunday lunch - whe hey had church-friends over."

Everyone laughed.

"Seriously, you have balls man." Thor said, grinning and wagging a finge t him.

"I know, they're right here." Jacob replied and clasped his expose ut-sack in a rowdy gesture.

"That must have been a priceless look on their faces." Lars chimed in.

"The pastors face was even better." Jacob added. "From the looks of it,  ight as well have worn a huge pentagram necklace and two inches of blac yeliner.

"HA!" Lars said, they humor evident on his face. "I bet that old fool rain melted."

"My ass almost did after the beating I got." Jacob said, followed b nother round of laughter

"Seriously though that's awful." Thor said. "How can people be like that."

"Beats me." Jacob commented.

"My parents are Scandinavian." Thor said. "They won't mind one bit."

"Mine might... I don't actually know." Lars said. "But it doesn't matte ight now."

"What about the two of you are you gonna tell the others what you d ogether?" Thor ask.

"We're not a couple!" We Jacob and I both said in unison.

"It's different." I clarified. "Jacob and I just have fun together. That' one of their business."

"Wait, you guys have had sex?" Lars asked, and looked back and fort etween us. I'd forgotten that Lars didn't actually know that part. Bu efore I could answer Jacob did, not shy about it at all.

"Yep." He said and slapped me hard on my bare ass. "This hunky piece o anadian bacon done plowed my ass good. But we just do it for fun though. witching to a rather thick fake southern accent for some reason.

"Wow." Lars said. "I mean I knew you jerked off together, but I didn' now..." He trailed off and looked at Thor.

"They told me about it when we slept up on the peak." Thor said. "We wante o jerk off before bed, and Jacob taught me about the prostate stuff. Yo aid you didn't mind."

"It's all good." Lars said. "I just didn't know how far it went that' ll." There were a few moments of loaded silence. I hoped we hadn' ccidentally done something wrong or had a misunderstanding. Maybe Lar ere regretting his decision to remain open-minded about our games.  eally hoped he didn't, because I liked Jerking off with Thor.

"Do you two need a moment to talk?" I asked, looking back and forth betwee hem.

"Oh no that's fine." Lars said, sounding a little more like he meant i his time. "It's not that. It's just that last time Thor and I..." H railed off and looked to his boyfriend for help finding the right words.

"Last time we did something, I tried what you did on Lars." Thor picked u he ball, mostly talking to Jacob. "But I didn't get very far cuz Lar losed up a lot." He continued. "It was right over there by the way."  ollowed his finger back to a spot between all the rocks we'd just passed.

Another few moments of silence followed while we absorbed the enticin ental image of these two boys playing naked together on the sunlit stone.

"Oh, I see." Jacob said. I looked to him to. It was really him that wa ell versed in butt stuff. I had only been the guy supplying the dick th ne time we'd fucked.

"Don't worry too much about it." Jacob said, as if taking about anal se as the most natural topic of conversation in the world. "My guess is yo on't play with your ass a lot." Both Lars and Thor shook their heads an acob made a self-confirming gesture.

"Did you use lube?" He asked looking at Thor, whom shook his head.

"We didn't have any." He said. "It was kind of a spur of the moment thing."

"There you go." Jacob said. "You can't just approach a virgin ass withou ube, that's just silly. You need to loosen him up slowly, don't jus harge in there."

"I didn't." Thor said a little defensively. "I poked his butt a littl hile sucking him, it wasn't anything more."

"Good, do it again and eventually it'll work. But lube up." Jaco aid. "The only reason Martin could stick it in me so easily is because  ave stuff up my ass as often as possible. Seriously it feels so good  an't understand why all men don't do it all the time."

"Maybe you can show us again later?" Thor asked, there was glimpse in hi ye now. I noticed I had a boner already from just the conversation, and  as not the only one.

"Shit, I'm not gonna say not to an invitation like that." Jacob sai rinning. I had to admit I was enticed too but we had something we neede o do first.

"Guys, we can jerk off later. We need to find that place first. Besides  ave you a hand job like an hour ago." I said to Jacob.

"I remember." Thor ginned and picked up the pace a little spurred on by th nticing conversation. "Right on the beach in broad daylight."

"You people have nerves of steel." Lars said in amazement.



The terrain changed just as abruptly as it always did on this Island. W eached the sandy beach of the other side, which was of a completel ifferent character than the beach on the other side. The sand under m are feet had a different texture than the sand on our own beach near th amp, the air was tinted with a fresh mineralized scent. Even the heat wa ifferent from the other side. This side of the Island was facing nort eaning the sun was shaded out by the mountain at this time of day. Th eat was much more of a dull moist heat rather than the dry touch of th un. The awe of how beautiful this Island was, struck me once again as  raned my neck to look up at the towering rocky wall that marked the end o he beach.

"That would be a fantastic place to rock climb." Jacob commented from nex o me. "Seriously this Island keeps surprising me."

"Up there is where we slept when we had to build that bonfire." Lars sai nd pointed the seeker of his camera upward to capture the fantasti ight. He snapped several photos before lowering the camera and waving u n front of him.

"Let's get a photo of you guys, the light is really good here." He said.

"We're in the shade." I pointed out but scooted in next to Thor with Jaco n his other side, while Lars brought up the camera. Next think I heard wa  yelp of surprise as and a series of clicks from the camera followed b hor jumping to reflexively cover himself. It took me several seconds t urn the scene in front of me into a narrative that made sense. Just a ars had taken the picture Jacob had apparently grabbed the hem of Thor' horts and pulled his pants down exposing his flopping soft dick to th amera.

"Asshole!" Thor yelled and jumped Jacob who was still screaming wit aughter, wrestling him to the ground easily, smacking the pale boy on hi are ass while the rest of us bubbled with laughter.

"Dude let me see that picture." I said and zoomed over to Lars, while Jaco as begging for mercy. Lars quickly clicked back to see the picture on th creen, with me looking over his shoulder. The picture was just a ilarious as I had expected. It featured me with a stupid expression as  as turning my head to see what was going on, Thor in a pose with his hand umbling for his shorts and with a face of utter surprise, and Jaco rinning like an idiot throwing himself into the sand while holding on t he tiny shorts that was halfway down Thor's knees while his expose airless dick flopped around.

"Don't you dare delete that picture." Jacob said, after finally bein llowed to stand up.

"As if that was ever going to happen." Lars said, grinning apologeticall t Thor. "Sorry babe but this is pic is hilarious." Thor grinned back an icked up his short that were still attached to him by one ankle.

"Damn it, you idiot you broke the button." He said when he had pulled u is shorts to put them back on and was holding the two flaps uselessly ove is pubic area.

"Ah shit." Jacob said, and inspected the damage. "Sorry about that." Tho ade an annoyed sound.

"I found the button." I said, and bend down to pick up the piece of plasti hat had been part of Thor's shorts a moment ago. "I guess you'll have t ake them off though."

"What a bummer." Jacob commented with a very sly attitude, harvesting  ark look from Thor who nevertheless dropped the shorts and placed them i he sand folded around the loose button. Now as naked as Jacob and me, h urned to Lars, who stared at him with open admiration. It was wonderous t ee that even when they've seen each other in the nude hundreds of times a his point, it was apparently still a glorious and mesmerizing thing to se our loved one naked.

"Come on." Thor said still sounding mildly annoyed by the accidenta estruction of his clothes and took off along the beach. "You'll drop yo aw when you see this."

The hot water river was as jaw dropping as Thor had promised. The constan low streaming of milky white water flowed from a grotto in the cliff tha as barely visible between the rocks, with occasional wisps of stea ancing across the surface.

"The island is definitely volcanic." Jacob mumbled and bend down to dip hi and only to retract it with a wince. "That is... very hot." He sai tupidly and shook his fingers.

"Why is it white?" I asked, as if anyone would even have an answer.

"We think this water has minerals in it from inside the earth." Lars said aking several pictures of the water, occasionally with one or more of u n it. All of us had gotten so used to being nude and being photographe hat we didn't even notice most of the time. But even so there was on hing that the camera made me notice and getting a little self-consciou bout, meaning how much Jacob touched me when we were walking around. Ver asually too, just a hand on the shoulder, or traveling down my side to m ip or on my butt whenever he stood next to me, an arm around me here an here. He did it to Thor too but less so, and to some degree Lars eve hough the chubbier boy was more skittish and shied away from touches tha asn't from Thor. Even those he wasn't quite 100 % comfortable with, but  uspected it had something to do with Jacobs and my own presence. I like he touches; in fact they were more than welcome and I tried to reciprocat ut there was something not quite comfortable about having the camera on m hile it happened.

"Maybe it's Calcium." I pondered as an explanation for the white water. "I ould just be chalk."

"Not exactly." Thor said. "I've lived where the tap water is hard and it' s clear as water normally is. I don't know about straight up chalk and I' ot about to taste it."

"The counselors said there was nothing dangerous on the island. But it di ay we wasn't supposed to drink the water we found, only the bottled wate e're supplied." Jacob chimed in. "They said nothing about bathing in i hough."

"The water way too hot for that." Lars commented. "We had trouble crossin ast time, but we found a way that is... only slightly painful." Jacob an  looked at each other a little unnerved, but followed Thor as he let us t he 'Crossing point'

Crossing the hot water was less than a festive ordeal, even if I handled i etter than Jacob who whined as a baby when he had to put his feet into th lightly cooler but still way too hot water at the crossing. He got almos shen gray when he saw the entrance to the grotto, which floor was almos ntirely covered in shallow hot water.

"Auch-auch-auch..." I said, dancing hilariously though the entranc ollowed by the others, after taking a deep breath. As soon as I could  ived for dry land, landing in the soft grass on the other side befor nother naked body landed on top of me. I felt a distinct impression of  imb but substantial cock pressing against my bare ass for several second hat coupled with the feeling of another male body across my back send  ingle through my body causing an instant erection.

"Sorry." Jacob grunted and stumbling got to his feet before helping m p. "Damn that water is hot!" He grinned at me as I stood up and didn' ail to notice my newly acquired hard on.

"I'll take that as apology accepted." He said, and reached out taking m ick in his hand, giving it a little tug. I giggled and reflexively jerke way. Jacob didn't relent by closed in and pinned me against the all nashamedly groping my cock and balls, before pressing his lips agains ine. I could feel a very eager erection poke against my balls as he di o. Jacob was probably the horniest boy I'd ever met. I couldn't resis lacing both hands on his butt and pulling him in close.

"Keep telling me you're not together." Thor said, jumping comically up o hore with Lars in his heels. "That's an awful lot of kissing an uddling. Come see this."

"What it's not like we're in a hurry." Jacob said. "Besides I owe Martin  ug from this morning. Never leave a buddy unsatisfied." He managed t troke me a few times before Thor dragged Jacob away with a mix betwee xasperation and a smirk on his face.

"If you guy's wanna play around, it's cool with me but check this ou irst." Thor said, holding Jacob back by the shoulder. There was a nmistakable twinkle of lust in his eyes too, even if his dick was stil oft. I followed his other gesturing hand, only now able to take in th ncredible sight.

I'd felt the magic of this place the second I had set foot on the grass i his grove, and I only just realized it now. It would seem that Jacob ha elt it just as strongly. The awe of the open topped grotto struck me lik  tidal wave. It was like we had stepped into a video game, walking th ardens of a temple ruin. Everywhere I looked was sporadically covered i he same flawless lifelike drawings we had seen, frolicking nude triba oys. The older of the flock talking but with their unashamed erections o isplay, while the younger ones played some sort of forgotten gam nvolving a homemade ball. All over were smooth stones and plants, neatl rranged as if this was not a natural grove but a garden, if an overgrow ne.

The drawing that caught my eye the most was the same one that had Jaco ransfixed. The man with the antlers at the opposite side of the grove all, lean but muscular and as nude as any of the other drawings.

"Holy fucking shit!" Jacob muttered completely awestruck by the impressiv iece of artwork. He stood only a few meters from it, gawking openly at th igures impressively large cock. But it wasn't his penis that spoke t e. I turned my eyes up towards the man's stunning eyes. They were kind bu emanded respect, and the way they bore into me send an ever-flowin ingling sensation down my spine and into my hole, sending it twitchin ith desire. I didn't think I'd ever felt like that. My already hard dic ched as more blood flowed to it. I didn't have to look down to know tha y foreskin had slid back completely, exposing the red head. Nor did I hav o see it to know that a drop of fluid had formed in the slit and wa unning down the length of the slightly curving shaft towards my balls.  nly vaguely registered the whirring of Lars' camera as he took pictures o hat could only be every possible angle of this place.

"You can feel it too, right?" Thor said, his voice barely more than  hisper. I was not the only one aware of how sacred this plac as. Unexpectantly Thor had placed a hand on my butt, not groping me bu ust caressing it softly. The touch sent my body tingling, my hol witching and yet another trickle of pre-ejaculate fluid down my shaft.  ould tell that he was as hard as me, so was Jacob, and probably so wa ars though he was standing further back, to get a better shot and he wa till wearing his skirt.

"It has to be another island god." I said. "Like the lady at the othe hrine."

"I agree, there is no doubt that's what he is. He's stunning." Thor agreed.

"God or not, all I want is to feel that massive thing inside me." Jaco himed in, still staring.

"Even if he was real, you'd never be able to take a dick like that." Lar aid, unexpectantly. "That guy is hung like a horse... literally if that' ow big he is soft; it must be a monster when he's hard."

"He's also a drawing on a wall, so it's a little pointless. Just let a gu ave his fantasies... jeez."

Jacob inadvertently started stroking himself as he was talking, still no aking his eyes away from the god. Almost by instinct I grabbed his wris o stop him, before I realized exactly why I had stopped him.

"What?" Jacob asked, managing to tear his eyes from the massive dick i ront of him.

"Not here." I said, after taking a few seconds to figure out why I ha topped him. "Not this one."

"Dude." Jacob said, sounding a little irritated. Understandably so. I woul ave been annoyed too if he'd stopped me from jerking off.

"At the last god it was crucial that we jerked off, why not now. Yo sually love watching me wank." He said

His words made sense, but it was somehow so obvious to me that this wasn' ight. I leaned in and planted a soft kiss on his lips, while gently pryin is penis from his own fingers.

"Not this god." I said, looking into his eyes sensually. "This god is no bout fertility and offering to him. He is about bonding with each other hat's how you please him."

"Ok, dude now you're just making shit up." Jacob said, a node o rustration was in his voice.

"I just know it." I said. I knew I couldn't explain it, it was like tryin o explain how to breathe.

"Well, if I don't do something within the next 2 minutes my balls are goin o explode. I can't take it." Jacob said a node of begging in hi oice. "If I can't do it..." He trailed off as I stroked him once to quel im. It was a good thing I'd already jerked him off a few hours ago, or h ould have probably exploded right there. If he had done that to me righ ow, I surely would have.

"I think I'll have to deal with this." I said over Jacob's shoulder with  rin, directed at Thor and Lars, who both smirked, with Thor shaking hi ead in amusement.

With their blessing I started to kiss Jacob on the neck while massaging hi alls and feeling his heavy breath on me. Then without thinking much,  ropped to my knees. A quick and no-nonsense motion.

It only occurred me when I had dropped, and it was far too late to bac ut, that I hadn't actually sucked a dick before. Not even Jacobs. In fact  had never been this close to it facially speaking. I had touched it man imes, and I had rubbed my own dick against it even fucked him in the ass ut this was up close and personal in a different way.

It hit me how beautiful his dick actually was. Especially when hard it wa lmost majestic in nature. If I had had more time, I would have liked t tudy every inch of it. But the boy in front of me was desperate fo elease as the fluid running down the shaft bore witness to. I ha nstinctually decided to give my first blowjob to him, so there was n ebating it, how hard could it be. I had seen guys do it in countles ideos. With a decisive exhale I opened my mouth, stuck out my tough a ook him in, making sure my teeth didn't touch anything.

Jacob moaned loudly as soon as my tongue made contact with the salty gland f my friends' penis. The smell of musk, sweat and sunscreen filled m enses and I loved every bit of it. I loved the way he gasped with ever ittle different motion I made. I loved how the hard muscles of his as ightened under my fingers and how his fingers in return rested on the bac f my head. I loved how you could feel ever vain in the live cock. How th tring that held the foreskin in place tightened and released and how yo ould feel the foreskin itself roll back and forth. It frustrated me  ittle that I couldn't get him as far into my mouth as I wanted to and  as thankful that he didn't try to thrust forward but let me do the wor nd in my opinion he came way too quickly.

I knew it was gonna happen, I could feel it in every fiber of his body. An ven so the jets of cum managed to catch me off guard. Not that I didn' xpect them, but that the shot of semen that hit the back of my throa riggered my gag reflex and send me coughing spilling the semen, that I ha lanned to swallow, all over my chin, Jacob's crotch and thighs, as well a he grass below us. I could have sworn that some had even come out of m ose. When I finally recovered from my coughing and spitting, I looked u t Jacob with red stinging eyes. He in turn had crouched down and thumpe e in the back with an endearing look on his face. His cock still dribblin ith cum and spittle.

"God that was amazing." He said kissing my cheek right under my eye,  iggled and dried my mouth with the back of my hand before Jacob went i or a kiss, not caring about how many of his own juices he got in hi outh.

"That was hot!" Lars said, his face flushed and his camera suspiciously i is hand.

"Did you take pictures?" I croaked indignantly, looking at Lars.

"Ehm..." He said, his face telling me all I needed to know. "Maybe one o wo." He looked away shyly, which may have been due to my expression. I wa k with nude pictures; I was even ok with me being hard in some of them ut I was not sure I was ok with someone taking pictures of me giving head.

"Are you kidding, let me see!" Jacob said, and got to his feet, while I sa ack down in the grass unsure how to react. On the one hand the urge to b exually liberated had skyrocketed over the last few days and given that  adn't cum yet made my head spin with lewd ideas of horny pictures. On th ther hand, a slight concern over who might see the pictures was gnawing a e somewhere at my core. I decided I didn't want to burn bridges, but  till wanted to lay down some ground rules. Lars was already siftin hrough pictures suggesting he'd taken more than a few. "Alright you ca eep the pictures, but It's only for your own collection. I don't want tha hit on the internet." I said.

"Never crossed my mind." Lars replied, they looked through a few mor ictures before Thor put his arms around Jacob and Lars from behind eaning in to look over their shoulders.

"Let's make a deal." He said softly. "You do that thing you did to me, bu o Lars. Then Lars can show you the lewd pictures he's taken of me." Ther as a distinct purr in his voice telling me that he was getting hornie han his composure could manage.

"You know you don't have to bribe me." Jacob said. "But I'll definitel ant to see those."

While the others talked, I used the time to recover a little bit, sittin n the grass on my uncovered behind. My throat was still burning a littl rom the sudden eruption of cum. The taste of him was still on my tongue here was even a lingering sweetness that reminded me of the fruits tha rew on this island. Jacob has no doubt masturbated with one in the not s ecent past, or maybe it was just from when I had drunk the fruit juic his morning. More curiously, maybe his cum was tasting like fruit juice ecause he kept drinking gallons of the stuff. Even more prominent was hi iss still lingering as a shadow on my lips. As I was sitting there, m yes fell on a drawing I hadn't noticed, something that I hadn't entirel xpected to see either, but somehow felt like it was a confirmation abou verything I had hoped this island was. Entranced I got up from where I wa itting and walked closer, while the others were talking in th ackground. Something about Thor and Lars' relationship and sex life that  ould have ordinarily paid attention to.

"Guys have you seen this painting?" I said when I was up close to it an ad studied it for a minute or so. Jacob stopped midsentence as the other ooked over, then came closer when they saw what I was looking at. I mysel as puzzled that I hadn't seen it right away, but I had been entirel istracted by the depiction of the god, and then by sucking off Jacob tha  hadn't seen it.

The painting was of two boys, one looked to be my age the other maybe  ittle older, but not significantly. The vastly different speeds at whic eenaged boys aged it was impossible to really tell a hundred percent. Th wo were kissing both with their sides turned to the viewer and with thei yes closed. The taller of the boys leaning forward with his hand on th maller one's hip. The smaller one leaning back to meet him, hands restin n his shoulder. It wasn't a particularly passionate kiss. It was deep an oving for sure, but it was nothing a boy and a girl wouldn't do in  choolyard or in front of others. The way they were standing meant I coul nly see the penis of the shorter of the boys, and he was completel laccid, though he had an amazing looking cock.

"Yes, we saw those, cute huh?" Lars said, and lifted his camera once agai eeming determined to capture every inch of this place.

"The artwork is amazing as always." Thor said. "A little private momen aptured forever."

"Not just cute, it's mind blowing." I said. How could they not understan he significance of this? "Don't you see what that means?"

"That some boys kiss boys? Even if they are primitive natives." Jaco ommented. "You know that, you just sucked my cock. It's nothing we haven' een before."

"Yes, it is!" I said. "This proves so much about this island; it prove hat boys were allowed to get together here. Maybe even encouraged to d o, since there are no girls ever depicted."

"We've seen a huge circle jerk of boys at the other shrine." Jaco ommented. "And there is a girl there."

"A goddess." I corrected. "She is a symbol of fertility not an actua erson, and the boys are sacrificing their own seed to her. That they'r oing it at the same time doesn't mean they do anything with each other ust that they weren't shy about masturbation. This does."

"That's true." Thor admitted, and looked at Lars who shrugged an odded. Jacob looked to me and to the drawing and back at me.

"Alright, I guess we'll mark this down as a breakthrough to scientifi istory." He said with a tiny hint of sarcasm in his voice. "Can we tal bout it later? I need you help showing Thor how to please his man and w eren't done praying to that god of yours."

"What?" I said, confused about his sudden change of subject and talk o rayer.

Jacob stepped forward and grabbed my cock, which had been in a continue tate of almost painful erection ever since I set foot in this grove.

"You said that god over there was pleased by 'bonding' with eac ther. Well I wasn't done bonding so come over here and help me show Tho nd Lars how it's done."

"You're the one that left to..." I was about to protest but was cut off b im pulling me into a kiss, massaging my raging boner as he did so. He' one soft himself, but I could feel from my dick poking into his that h as getting excided again. How many times a day could this boy cum? Lookin ver his shoulder I could see Thor and Lars kissing as well, which made m elax. There was something slightly awkward about having an audience specially when I had been the one giving head.

No sooner had Jacob pushed me on my back down onto the grass, propped up o y elbows before his tongue traveled all the way from the base of my cock long the underside to the tip, before he took the whole thing in hi outh. Or at least as much as he could get in his mouth. I was glad we ha pted for me laying down while he did this, because I didn't trust that m nees could have supported me doing the pleasurable spasms that travele hrough them and up my spine. Having my dick in his mouth, was simpl ivine. He let his tongue slip under my foreskin and wiggle around, rathe han going up and down the length of the shaft which left me clenching m eeth and tearing a patch of grass with each hand. I had to really work o icturing very non-sexual things, so my cock didn't explode to uickly. Jacob was either exceptionally good at giving head or being on  eceiving end of a blowjob was just that good. Up until this point I ha lways been the one to do the work when Jacob and I had sex, so bein leasured like this was quite a bit of a new experience. If he wanted m eed this time, he'd have to work for it.

I noticed Lars had plopped down next to me, laying on his back like I wa yes closed and breathing heavy while Thor had inched Lars' skirt up aroun is hips and was silently and methodically suckling on his boyfriends no nsubstantial boner. It was one thing to watch porn on a computer screen a ome while walking into a paper towel, and to see two other people havin ex right next to you while you yourself were being pleasured by a thir uy. Interestingly enough Lars' face intrigued me more than his boner an hat was being done to it. I had to make myself look away, if I didn't wan o cum right then and there. Surely, I could last longer than Lars could.

"Use this It'll be easier." I felt Jacobs lips disappear from my dick as h poke to the pair next to us. I looked up to see him savagely bite the ti ff of a fruit he'd picked off a bush presumably and hand it to Thor.  leeting horrible association entered my mind before I shook it off eminded that I had just had that same mouth on my penis. I watched th uice run down his cheek while Thor curiously dipped his finger into th pen fruit covering it in juice and slowly approaching Lars' undercarriage eeping eye contact with his boyfriend, and lovingly nuzzling his inne high. Lars understandably looked a little nervous, but he didn't protest.

"It's easy enough when you get past the first part." Jacob sai heerfully. "One finger isn't going to hurt and after that two probabl on't be a problem, look how I do it."

Too late I felt how Jacobs finger ran down the underside of my balls an own the taint, quickly and easily finding my hole. He'd apparently covere t in fruit juice when I was looking at Lars and Thor and was now going t emonstrate on me.

"Wai... aaah!" I stammered before I felt the finger press against m ntrance. My butt clamped shut automatically but Jacobs finger was so slic t slid easily inside regardless. The rest of my sentence was drowned ou y a sound that was midway between a surprised yelp and a moan. It wasn' ain that made me react as must as it was the expectation of pain, but  ried out, nonetheless.

"Don't be such a baby, Martin." Jacob said and curled his finger insid e. The motion pressed against my inners in a way that send a shiver thoug y body and made a moan escape my lips. I had the district impression tha omething was oozing out my cock too and looked down myself to see a strea f viscous clear liquid run slowly and continuously down my shaft. Next t e I vaguely noticed Lars' in a similar state of conflicted feeling o leasure and nervousness as Thor's finger entered him. I was only vaguel ware that he had taken my hand and was squeezing it, while his virgin as as probed and teased. Once we'd both gotten over the initial shock,  aught his eyes and we both chuckled lightly at the accidental handholding ut neither of us let go. That was before Jacob decided I had had enoug ime to cope and started to firmly and playfully wiggle his finger insid e sending little waves of unignorable pleasure through my body, eac ccompanied by a little pulse of liquid from my cock. This time th leasurable sensation was almost like torture. When before I had bee olding back, to make sure I didn't cum this was quickly turning into m ody screaming for release. I wasn't literally begging him. There was n ay I was going to beg like a schoolgirl in a cheap porn flick, but n atter what I thought off of or how I angled myself I did not cum despit verything. Once I couldn't take, I reached for my cock to make sure I go y release, Jacob grabbed my wrist and based on the slight jolt of pain mmediately inserted an additional finger, making me groan.

The next thing I knew, I suddenly felt empty and my ass was aching an ore, but not in a way that could be described as bad. I lifted my head t ee what he was doing. I saw that he had moved, and was now crouche etween my legs, having picked up the fruit where Thor had left it. A quic lance over at the other two revealed Thor with one or more fingers u nside Lars, while having returned to sucking on the chubby boys peni imultaneously.

"Had enough?" Whispered Jacob, his sly grin was so arousing I could hardl nswer with more than a grunt.

"Can't take anymore." I said. My butt was already pulsating with an ache  as convinced was going to last all day.

"Alright I'll let you off easy this time." He said, and slid forward ove e, with a knee on each side of my body. In a fit of cattiness, he ben own and licked the spot right over my navel where my cock juice ha ollected in a little pool, all the way up between my nibbles. I felt hi lick wet hand rub fruit juice on my cock in the meantime. The head was s ensitive that it almost felt numb.

Without wasting any more time than he had settled his body over my cock rouching down over me, and expertly placed his own hole right on the ti f my dick. He kept eye contact with me as his ass opened up and he sli own over my cock. I could practically read the pleasurable sensation h elt in his body rise steadily until he was sitting flat on my pelvis, wit y cock ball deep up inside him, to a point where even he had difficult ontaining it. A little jolt of pride managed to wiggle inside m onsciousness at the thought of me being almost a little too big for a slu ike Jacob to contain it all. The fact that this was only the third tim acob had a cock in his ass and that it had been my cock every time, didn' eally seem important. There was also a feeling of understanding, now tha ad a sense of what Jacob felt when I was balls deep inside him, I fel uch more connected and curious than I had before. I wondered if I'd eve ave the courage to switch roles with him. A few second later Jacob starte obbing his pelvis back and forth. The movements were slow and repetitiv ut the tension that had slowly uncoiled from my body in the meantim eturned quickly and my breathing went from slow and deep to quick an uffing. Jacobs face was shot red and the mix of pain and pleasure was ver isible in his eyes which were locked in mine.

As quickly as ever, my body was overtaken with spasms of pleasure, tha idn't ebb out before the next one started. My vision blurred out and al ounds deafened when my orgasm swallowed me. I was only aware of the bo lesh that was engulfing me and the unstoppable and uncountable waves tha ashed through me, each followed by a very powerful jet of cum shootin nto Jacob as I left this world for a few seconds to enter a different one.



I didn't know how long it had been when the world finally returned. M earing came first then followed by vision.

Jacob was still sitting on me and based on the remaining sensation in m till hard cock, I was still inside him, but he was no longe oving. Hesitantly I propped myself up on my elbows and looked at the stil uffing Jacob. His erection was still pulsating and leaking fluid. It wa lear to me he had also just cum. A wet sensation on my face told me a goo it of it had landed there, and I almost didn't have the strength to wip t off. When I did Jacob opened his eyes and caught mine, resulting in  ired blissful giggle from the both of us.

"That was so hot." Lars' awed voice sounded not two meters away from me.  urned my head to see him and his boyfriend sitting there next to us. I ha onestly forgot they were here.

Lars was sitting in the grass with a tired expression and his legs sprea owards me, meaning I could see up under his skirt and view his now flacci ock. All of it as well as the front of his skirt was absolutely soaked i um. I wasn't even sure three guys could have made that much cum let alon im doing it by himself.

Next to him sat Thor in a similar position as I was, his cock still mostl ard and with a visible freshly made cum-shot across his stomach an hest. He too was breathing slowly and deeply.

There was a little bit of an awkward silence between us. I was sitting wit y dick up inside another guy's ass and all of us were covered in cum.

"That was awesome." Jacob finally said and started to giggle again. We al usted out into a fit of laughter at the absurdity of the situation. Whe e subsided, I could feel myself getting softer while still inside Jacob,  retty weird sensation. Jacob finally got up from me and almost collapse n the ground, his knees seemingly incapable of holding up hi eight. "Fuuuck this is going to be such a pain!" he complained and groane eakly. Not feeling like I could trust my own legs right now, I decided t ollow his example and just lay back into the soft grass, only making th eakest of efforts to wipe Jacob's cum off my face.

"Are you complaining about getting laid now?" Thor asked, it didn't soun ike he had moved from his position.

"No but I feel like Martin shot an entire gallon into me, my ass is gonn e leaking for hours."

"Ew." Lars voice sounded.

"Get used to it, buttercup." Jacob replied. "This is gonna be you withi he next few days."

"You better get used to it, Jacob." I piped up; my voice sounded tired an rainy. "Your ass is gonna be dripping non-stop from now on if I hav nything to say about it."

"Fuck you." Sounded the reply, though the humor was evident in hi oice. Somewhere I found the strength to roll over next to him and put a rm around him before kissing him on the neck. Telling sounds from a fe eters away told me Lars and Thor had started kissing again. I wa erfectly happy dozing off into a nice post-fuck nap next to Jacob.



[Tags: Masturbation, Oral, Fingering, Anal, Foursome]

