Date: Sun, 25 Oct 2020 16:43:04 +000 rom: Human Man <gladly11@hotmail.com ubject: Island, Chapter 5

Welcome back. If you have lasted this long it's safe to say you at leas ike the story a little bit. Don't hesatate to write me and tell me abou our favoite characters and favorite parts.

Disclaimer: This story is free fantasy, nothing in it ever happened and al haracters are made up and do not resemble any real person, living o ead... or undead (Woo spooktober)

This story includes a whole lot of irrisposible behaviour, and I do no ondone any of it. Including but not limited to: Sexual behaviour betwee ales younger than 16 years old, underaged drinking, nudity, swearing ublic urination, leaving teenagers unsupervised on a unspecfically locate ninhabited island, pop-culture references, compleate and utter disregar or STD prevention, some stuff you really shouldn't do with a camera, an ad jokes.

I kindly remind you that I am a stranger on the internet and anything yo ead is on your own risk.

If you like this story and feel like donating, you can. Not to me, I am  epraved person who writes erotic fiction with something that vaguel esembles a plot and then jerk off to the result. No, donate to Nift nstead, cuz they are great. There is a link for that here ttp://donate.nifty.org/

Lastly, I like the idea of adding Tags to a story so people know what the an expect to jerk off to, but I also find them to often be spoiling th tory a little. With that in mind I have decided to put these at the botto f the page, so if you need tags they can be found there.



Chapter 5: Matt - June 13th, late afternoon



It had been a pretty boring day, considering that the assignment we ha otten, was sort of interesting in its own way. To think that this islan ad once been inhabited. The letter had made it sound like the natives ha een moving between islands. That made sense since this island didn't see ig enough to sustain a lot of people. In the two hours we had spen xploring, we had found a place with a small spring, that emerged from th liff wall. It hadn't taken us long to reach the rocky part or the islan here the forest ended and the elevated terrain began, but that wasn' urprising when walking in a straight line following a small path ebastian had tried to bathe in the freshwater, but had discovered that i as ice cold. We didn't drink from it, because we had been told in ou ntroduction that we shouldn't. Our camp leaders had told us that it wa retty safe, but we should keep drinking the water we had stored, just t e on the safe side. Although, this was a perfect way to cool off, I didn' se it. I was way too much of a chicken when it came to cold water.

Sebastian was a nice boy, and by far my favorite of the guys so far. But h as also three years younger than me. He spent a lot of time in his ow ead and was often playing small games with himself. Furthermore, he wa aked the whole time we walked around and it suited him quite well. An ven though he could sometimes act immature, he wasn't a kid. He had th anky frame of a teenager, even though he hadn't quite started growing bod air yet. Seeing him like that made my thoughts wonder somewhere where  artially wanted them to be and partially didn't. My dick had been livin ts own life since I had hit puberty myself, but ever since we had arrive n this island and the other boys was naked all the time, it had bee ompletely out of control, especially now. Sebastian either didn't see i r he didn't care. Probably the ladder given that he had already seen tha ide of me and had been accepting.

"You know what." Sebastian said, after a long pause, where no one talked e had stopped and had started peeing, up ageist a stone. He had a habit o ot holding on to his penis while doing so, He just kind of stood there an eed while looking at me fingers folded behind his head. I found it bot unny and a little weird, but I honestly didn't mind. "I don't think we ar oing to find anything if we stay on the path."

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Well when I'm role playing with my friends, we never find anything good o he path, that is just where you get ambushed." He explained, but I wasn' ure I understood.

"Why? What ambush?" I said. Sebastian looked at me like I was stupid.

"I mean why would the goblins and kobolds leave their treasure and thei amp on the path where everybody can find them. If we want to find th nteresting stuff, we need to go off the path, like we did last night." H aid. "The interesting stuff is hidden away, this island is hidin omething, can't you feel it?"

"No not really. Isn't this just a place to send away your child. Ther roperly aren't any real signs of a native tribe, they probably fabricate t for us to find." I said. I only halfway believed it, but my mood wasn' xactly sparkling.

"I don't think that's true. Where is your sense of adventure." He asked Aren't gay guys supposed to be happy. Isn't that what the word means."

I bristled a little at the implications. I wasn't exactly in the mood fo eing put in a box.

"What is up with people and stereotypes today." I said, maybe a little bi ore aggressive that I intended.

"I'm sorry." Sebastian said. "Wanna tell me what's wrong?" His mature sid ad returned just as fast as it had gone when he started talking about ner tuff and peeing wherever he felt like.

"It doesn't matter." I said. "Let's just go back."

"Ok, but let's go through the forest, we can at least try." He said.

"Without your shoes?" I said looking at his bare feet. "Suit yourself, bu  am not carrying you."

"I know, I don't mind. Come on!" He exclaimed and disappeared in betwee he bamboo stalks. I rolled my eyes but smiled, and followed him. I wasn' ure how we would keep from getting lost in here, since it was hard t avigate, but I knew we had to walk west since the camp was that way, an t was late afternoon, so just walk towards the sun and we would be fine.

"Are you sure you won't tell me what's wrong?" Sebastian asked, when  aught up to him. He was walking slower now since he had to take carefu teps with his bare feet on the rough terrain. I couldn't help but feel  ittle smug about it.

"Well it's just, I don't really wanna be here." I said. "I'm her ecause... well my father found out about me." Sebastian looked at me wit ig eyes, now very interested. I continued my story.

"My sister told him after finding some stuff on my computer... which I di ot give her permission to use by the way. Long story short he forced me o his trip, away from what he calls `influencing forces.'" I made citatio arks in the air, with my fingers. "I'm worried about my future, that i ll. Plus, with you guys being naked all the time, you make it hard t hink about something else." I paused. Sebastian stopped and grabbed m rm, to stop me.

"If you want me to put my clothes on just say so, I didn't know you fel ike that." He said, with a sincerity that made me confident that he mean t.

"No, you don't have to, I don't want to ruin your fun." I said, I alread elt better just by talking about it. "Keep being naked, if you want.  ould be lying if I said, that I didn't enjoyed it a little too." Sebastia rinned at me and we started walking again, or rather we tried. Suddenly  ripped over a root and found myself landing in a bush.

"Aarh!" I exclaimed.

"Hey are you ok." Sebastian said sounding worried. I was lying in a bush ith branches poking and grinding into my back. I had a pain in my lef nee from where it had struck something.

"Yes, I'm ok. Auch though!" I said, taking Sebastian's stretched out hand nd let him help me up. I looked around to get a sense of what exactly ha append and found that we stood of a patch of land, just about twent eters across where the vegetation had changed from bamboo to a grove wit hese short bushes, with long slender leaves. It wasn't a plant I had eve een before, but then again this was a secluded tropical island, s ifferent plants was to be expected. But the most incredible and unexpecte hing was this massive stone in the middle of the grove. At least thre eters tall. But it had something painted on it. I zigzagged between th ushes and found that it was somewhat faded painting of a man, or rather  oy, it was hard to tell but it didn't look like a full-grown figure. H as painted in full size, naked but with his back turned towards th iewer, exposing his bare butt. He looked like he was picking somethin rom a plant, and putting it in a basket, painted next to him. The paintin as incredibly detailed, they had even painted his balls, just visibl etween his legs. The nudity of the picture made me a little uncomfortabl ooking at it while others were around.

"What is that?" Sebastian asked.

"A painting, obviously." I said, not even bothering to make an attitud ver his stupid question. "A better question is what is that doing here."  sked. "Is that what we are looking for?"

"It looks like it, it does look like a native thing." Sebastian said.

"Or something placed here so we have something to do." I pointed out,  till held on to some of my resentment.

"Not this." Sebastian said. "Do you really think they would go to thi xtend? And the boy is painted naked, they wouldn't do that if it wa abricated. All they would have left us was some clumsy cave painting, thi s art on a high level." Sebastian said. I was impressed. His logic wa lawless, and I had to concede.

"How did you catch that?" I asked.

"I've been on enough summer camps to know what to expect. I know my parent idn't pay for this kind of enthusiasm." Sebastian said. "What is h lucking? Fruit?"

"I guess, maybe gathering food. But there is no fru..." I stopped myself.  ad unwarily looked around and realized I was wrong. These bushes al arried fruit, a lot of fruit even. I just hadn't seen it since they ha he same pale dusty green color as the leaves. The largest of the fruit here almost as big as cucumbers and had the same elongated shape.

"This is unbelievable." I said. "How can this be here?"

"I have no idea." Sebastian said. "But I told you there was some secret bout this place." He was already over by the nearest bush, he grabbed  ruit and pulled, then immediately lost balance, and fell backwards.  eacted fast enough to catch him under one arm before he fell.

"What happened?" I asked.

"It's slippery as fuck?" Sebastian said. He must have been ver urprised. I hadn't heard him swear before. I reached into my pocket an rought out a pocketknife.

"Here use this." I said, and handed it to him. While he worked on gettin he fruit loose, I went around he stone to see if there was any more art nd wasn't disappointed. Three more boys were painted on the stone, two o hem together on one side, and a last one alone on the next side, that o he round stone was meant to be one complete self-contained picture. All o hem were butt naked, even their penises were painted as beautifully an etailed as they were different. It was clear that the artist had strive o paint the boys as different persons. They had different heights ifferent body types and different hair and faces, only their age wa oughly the same, between 13 and 16. The last boy painted alone was abou o smash one of the fruits with a tool that resembled a small axe. Th ther two had one boy painting the other with a faint dye of some kind. I idn't really make sense to me, but the first one looked to be preparin he fruit, but cutting it. I found my phone in my other pocket. I was onl arrying it out of habit, as there were obviously no cell reception ou ere. I took a picture of all three paintings, and went back to Sebastian.

"Look I found out how to do it." Sebastian said and plucked another fruit ithout using the knife. "You can get a better of hold them around wher he plant is attached to the fruit." He plucked one off to show me. H anded me one so I could examine it.

I took it and then immediately dropped it. It was so slippery it was lik olding a wet bar of soap. "Holy shit that is slippery." I said. Picking i p, carefully. It seemed like it was covered in some sort of oil esidue. Other than that, the skin was tough and sturdy like pumpkin. Whe  shook it, I could hear it was full of juice. Now the axe painting mad ense, and maybe also the other painting

"Let's go back and show the others" Sebastian said, picking up the ones h ad already plucked. It took us a while to figure out how to carry them ince they were impossible to hold. I ended up removing my T-shirt tyin he sleeves and neck closed and using it as a makeshift sack, leaving m aking back shirtless which didn't bother me.



When we returned to camp the sun was setting over the ocean. The moon wa lmost full and there was no clouds in the sky so seeing was a lo asier. At first, I thought no one was here, but then I saw two of the guy itting, and looking at the ocean.

"Heeey!" Sebastian yelled and ran towards them, leaving me with the t-shir ull of fruit. They turned their heads and smiled at us.

"Hi." They said. As Sebastian reached them.

"Aw have you guys been swimming already?" He said, like he had missed. " hought we agreed to do the evening swim together?" I put the sack next s he bench and went over to them. I didn't know why Sebastian drew tha onclusion, maybe they were wet, but then I saw that Martin was naked. I idn't surprise me much since he'd skinny dipped yesterday, but I had hope t was a onetime thing because he was drunk.

"No, we haven't, but we were about to go, when you guys showed up." Jaco aid.

"Yay, let's go then!" Sebastian said. "I'll tell you what we found." Al hree boys got up and Martin asked.

"You coming, Matt?"

"No, thanks." I said, in a neutral tone, making it sound like I was jus oo tired. Truth was I didn't want to be in the middle three attractiv aked guys, being the only one who too prudish to wear a swim suit. Also,  new I would bone up again, and the last I wanted was to let the others, a east not Martin and Jacob, see it. The others ran to the beach and left m lone in the camp.

"Guess I'll make dinner then." I said to myself feeling a little bitter.  ade an effort to start the campfire again, just for the sake o mbiance. It didn't feel right not to have it going. We did have a ga tove and I decided to make grilled sausages, just because it was easy.  idn't want to cook anything to extensive, especially not alone.

Sebastian, Jacob, and Martin returned pretty quickly though, all stil aked but now soaking wet. They quickly dried off and sat down each with  lanket, which covered their nudity, making it easier for me to relax. I asn't cold, but there was a chill to the wind that could make you fee hat way, especially if you were wet. A few minutes after, Lars and Tho howed up, laughing and joking.

"Hey you two." Martin said. "Where were you?"

" Just out exploring, we decided to go anyway."  Lars said.

"Did you take any pictures." I asked, pointing to the expensive lookin amera Lars was carrying around his neck. "Can we see?"

Lars's eyes fleeted for a moment, but returned.

"No, I didn't take any." Lars said. "We didn't find anything."  He the ent over and put the camera in his tent.

"Neither did we." Jacob said.

"We did." Sebastian said enthusiastically. "We found these weird fruits nd a painting, on a rock. You should go take pictures of that tomorrow!"

"Holy shit you did?" Martin said. "Where they of naked boys?"

I looked perplexed at him. As did everyone else around the table.

"Yea... how did you know that?" I asked.

"Eeh, just a guess..." He said, shrugging but looking sheepish.

"That is quite a specific guess." I said suspiciously. Something wasn' ight here.

"Let's just eat, then we can go see the fruit and naked boy painting omorrow." Jacob said. Taking a sandwich and started to chow down.

I still wasn't convinced, but I let it go, for now.

After we had eaten, I emptied my t-shirt, on to the table. The fruit ooked bizarre when dumped like that as they scooted over the table lik hey made of ice. I had found a camp light, that was now placed on th able illuminating everyone in a cold electrical light.

"What the hell?" Lars said and picked up one of the fruits, immediatel ropping it just like I had. "What is going on with these?"

"I have no idea, they are covered in some sort of oil, I've never heard o  plant like that." I said.

"Do you think we can eat them?" Sebastian asked.

"I wouldn't" Thor said, we don't know if they are poisonous or not.

"Well in the painting the boys where harvesting them." Sebastia aid. "Then they can't be poisonous."

"We don't know that" I said. "We didn't see them eat it, they jus arvested the juice and rubbed it on each other for some reason. I too ome pictures, look. "

I took the phone from my pocket and showed them the pictures. It wouldn' e long before my phone ran out of charge.

"Ok I see it. Let's try and open one up?" Martin said. "We have a knife on't we?"

I handed him my pocket knife while Sebastian got a bowl for th uice. Judging from the sounds I made when you shook the fruits, they wer illed with liquid.

The fruit was very tough to pierce since it was hard, and slippery, bu ventually Thor made it happen, after our fifth try. Instead of the smal ocket knife he used our serrated bread knife from our cooking equipment olding it in place with a fork. Immediately a red tinted clear liqui oured into the bowl. The fruit was hollow as suspected. The insides wer overed with a squishy red pulp, like a coconut, except wet and very slick.

"Wow this weird." Jacob said, sniffing it. "It doesn't really smell lik nything." He dipped a finger in it. "But its sweet." He said. And just a lick, like oil. How is that possible. Sugary things are usually sticky. e stuck his finger in again and tasted some more.

"Ok don't drink anymore of that." I said, removing the bowl.

"I think its ok." Jacob said.

"Suit yourself, but if you have the runs tomorrow, it's your own fault."  ut the bowl back on the table and let everyone do as they pleased, tire f being the hen mother.



The evening went along peacefully, soon everyone had tasted the juice an iked it. Even me, after the 15th or 16th time Jacob taunted me with it roke down just to shut him up. I must admit that I liked the taste too. I as like honey but thinner and oilier. We went to bed more or less at th ame time, all tired since we were adjusting to the new place and all.

I removed my shorts and crawled into bed wearing my boxers. I was sleepin nder a blanket on top of my sleeping bag, instead of in it, since it wa o hot in here. Sebastian did the same, but went to bed as naked as he ha een all day.

We talked a little but I decided that I wanted to sleep prett uickly. Problem was that I couldn't. I tossed and turned for at least on nd a half hour. My dick was rock hard and I couldn't get all of th ictures of naked boys out of my head. Both the cute and hot boys I share amp, and let's face it, tent with. But also, the unbelievably realisti aintings of the natives. I constantly adjusted my dick in my underwear ut careful not to touch too much. I was scared that someone in th eighboring tents should hear. Not so much about Sebastian. He had alread een it and besides, he was sleeping soundly. Plus, I really didn't lik asturbating with only my dick, and the ass part had a habit of being har o do in a stealthy way. Then again, last night I had snug out no problem nd had only been discovered by mere coincidence. Hell, I could even go t he fruit orchard and look at the naked paintings. I hoped it wasn't to uch of a low point, masturbating to cave paintings, but there was n nternet here, so that was the best. Besides, those was some pretty ho ave paintings.

I slowly and stealthily got up, and very carefully unzipped the tent.  rabbed my blanket, and squeezed myself out the tent. Then my heart san hen I heard the Sebastian's voice whispering.

"Hey. Where are you going?" He asked.

"Nowhere, just need to do something." I whispered. "Just go back to sleep."

"Like last night?" Sebastian asked. I hesitated. But there was no point i ying. It felt like it would be less embarrassing if I didn't lie.  oticed his eyes wondering to my private area, and the considerable bulg y annoying and aching boner was making. As an automatic reflex I moved th lanket in my hand over the bulge to cover it.

"I'm coming too then." He announced and started getting out of bed.  ighed; this was a little more than I really wanted. Was a little alon ime too much to ask for.

"This is really the sort of thing that you are supposed to do alone."  aid.

"Why, is that?" He asked, as if it wasn't obvious. I was about to tell hi hy, but then I realized that I didn't really have a good answer. A fe econds went by where I was thinking. Was it because it was gay? In tha ase I shouldn't have a problem with it, since I was gay. Was it because i asn't normal? Not really, guys masturbated together all the time, just no ith me. It wasn't because I didn't want to be around Sebastian. I like im. He was both cute, smart and very good looking. He was scrawny and no xactly fully grown, but neither was I. Even though I was a good dea onger along my developmental path than he was, since I was almost thre ears older than him. Maybe that was what was bothering me. But other tha im being a little sexually oblivious, he was obviously further alon entally than physically.

"Alright" I said. "But be quiet." Sebastian quickly tossed his blanke side and followed me out. Just like me, he was already boned up. The onl ifference being that he was already naked and fully exposed. His foreski asn't pealing back, as mine usually did, but it was rock hard and pointin traight out from his body. He didn't seem one bit shy about it. Was h eally that comfortable around me? If he was, the least I could do was tr o be that comfortable around him. I forced myself not to cover my bone ith the blanket.

We sneaked away from the camp, not daring to speak before we were a goo it away from the others, and even then, Sebastian was still whisperin hen he spoke.

"I think the rock is that way... where are you going?" He asked.

"The orchard we found earlier. Its further away, but it has those amazin ude drawings." I said, also whispering for some reason.

I didn't see his reaction but just kept walking. I was walking in fron eading the way. At one point I wasn't sure I could find the way, but the uddenly I brushed aside some bamboo leaves and there it was. I wa stonished how the place looked in the moonlight. It had an almos nnatural shimmer like nothing I had ever seen. I stepped in looking aroun t all the shimmering plants. The plant oil covering the leaves and frui as reflecting the moonlight.

I didn't say anything. It didn't really feel like the right time fo reaking the silence. The prospect of jerking off with another guy. Mayb t was easier for straight guys to do this, I thought. For them it's no exual towards each other, but more recreational. I had no idea, but mayb t would make it easier for me, if I thought of Sebastian in that way. Jus omeone who was there, doing the same thing as I was. I looked at hi hortly. He was already holding on to his dick, massaging it, lightly whil ooking vaguely in the direction of the boy with his back turned arvesting fruit.

I spread out the blanket on the ground and laid down on it, leaving roo or Sebastian. The blanket wasn't very big, which meant we had to la lose, if we wanted to be comfortable. I turned my back and quickl tripping off my undies. My dick flew out in full length. It was big an hrobbing, with the skin completely pulled back from a dark red tip.  urned around and caught Sebastian looking fascinated at my naked body.

"Come on, let's do it." I said. I figured there was no real good way t tart so I just did. I grabbed my dick, and started working on it. I coul eel Sebastian's naked body rub ageist mine, as he started masturbating. W idn't say anything at first but then Sebastian started talking, not abou exual things, but normal things. More than once I caught him looking a e, working. Every time he looked away. The third time it happened I said.

"Dude, its ok if you wanna look, I don't mind." Not in a condescending, bu  nice tone. He didn't say anything but I could see he was relived an urious.

"Can... Can I try and hold it?" He asked, hesitantly. I huffed but it wa ostly of amusement. I nodded. Not only was it only fair, I had explore is dick last time, mostly for his benefit but I hadn't let him explor ine.

"Sure, but be gentle." I said. I felt like I had to say something lik hat. Somewhere in the back of my mind, I still tried to convince mysel hat this wasn't actually sexual, but more of a curiosity satisfaction.  et go of my dick and sat back steadying myself on my elbows. Sebastian wa lready on his knees next to me. He reached out and grasped around it, no ard but with a firmer grip than I had expected. I gasped slightly bot rom the sudden pressure and from the small electrical prick o leasure. It was unexpected and so different from my own hand; I closed m yes for a second. Reminding myself that he was still just exploring. Whe  opened my eyes, I saw he was watching my face, careful not to move.

"Don't worry, you don't have to be that careful." I said, with an emphasi n 'that'. My breath was a little irregular because of m xcitement. Sebastian let his fingertips gently run from the top of m enis to the root, making me gasp for air.

"I bet that tickles, he said. Like it did on me yesterday." He said. Hi oice was almost dreamlike and sounded distant. I bit my lib to keep fro oaning.

"Yea." I said, not completely in control of my voice. "It feels prett ood, sorry if it's weird." I said. I still had a feeling like I had t pologies for liking this, for some reason. He reached down and held m alls in his cupped hand, making me gasp even more.

"I just can't believe; I'll be this big in just a few years." He said. H ooked down at his own hard cock.

"Well there is no guarantee, but I think you will. besides I'm not tha ig." I said. It wasn't modesty, I had never thought of myself as bein ery well hung, and from what I had seen in changing rooms, I was prett uch average. I sat up next to him, mostly because my position had becom ncomfortable. He let go of my junk and sat next to me, and started t iddle with his own dick again. I did the same, all though I didn't as muc asturbate, as is just massaged my dick with my hand. The awkward tensio ad been broken, like last time only this time it seemed like it ha anished completely. I felt like he and I could be free around eac ther. We started talking about when I had begun to get pubic hair, an tuff like that, but also about normal stuff.

"Don't you usually put something in your butt when you do this?" Sebastia sked me, at some point in our conversation. I thought about my answer, a his point I felt little shame about it, like I normally would have.

"Usually I do, but not always." I said. "It's not so easy right here."

"Can I see it?" He asked, a little nervously. "I really wanna see how yo o it. Up close this time." I was silent for a moment. I didn't know how t eact to this. Last time had been an accident, but now he wanted t utright see it. Then again was that much weirder than him touching me?

"All right, but I don't have..." I started, but before I could say an ore, he had jumped to his feet and ran to the nearest bush, before quickl unning back. His cute little hard dick was jumping up and down as h an. When he got back, he threw something on my chest, that immediatel ell down on the blanket.

"What is that." I said, already knowing it was one of the fruits.

"It's for your butt." He said, as if it was obvious. "Don't you usually d t like that?"  It was true that usually did, but I had planned just to us y finger. Normally fingering myself was not my favorite way, but on a sland like this I imagine I had little choice.

"Well... why the fruit?" I asked.

"Aren't they perfect. They are tough but slippery?" Sebastian said. "A east it's better than a stick." I had to hand it to him, the guy wa mart. I hadn't even thought of that possibility.

"I guess it's worth a try." I said. I picked the fruit up carefully an ook my knees all the way up to my ears. I could barely reach but it wa oable. My heart was pumping faster as it always was, when I was doin tuff like this. Sebastian was obviously looking at me and what I wa oing, sitting behind me and looking right in there. I breathed out an elaxed my sphincter before applying pressure. I gasped as the fruit sli nside, more easily than anything else I had ever used. It was like my as asn't even resisting. Suddenly it hit the sensitive spot in my ass and  ried out in pleasure.

"Oh Fuck!" I said. My dick jerked and began oozing precum at an alarmin ate. It felt like being filled out in a way that made me more whole tha efore. I was so used to having things in my ass, it didn't hurt like  hought it would have, but there was definitely a tiny speck o ncomfortability with the stretching, but it was far out weighted by th ntense pleasure. I breathed heavily as the fruit rubbed ageist m rostate, making my whole-body tickle in a way nothing else could. I moane oudly but didn't touch my dick from fear of exploding. I faintly notice ebastian masturbating furiously behind me.

"You like what you see?" I said, between my clenched teeth. He nodded lowing down a little.

"Does this make me gay?" He asked, stopping himself. I didn't really kno he answer to that question, and I didn't really want to think about it.

"I'm not sure, but even if it does you should try this at some point. It' he most intense pleasure." I said. When Sebastian looked frightened,  uickly added.

"Not now..! When you are ready of cause." I said, still breathin eavily. He looked relived, and started masturbating again. As did  uriously, but with frequent breaks, I had no idea how long I could kee his up. The picture of Sebastian sitting between my legs was almost to uch. My body wanted something my brain never thought I could truly have.

"Seb, if you want to you can do it instead." I said. He stoppe asturbating and looked at me, confused.

"I know this is a strange thing to suggest." I said. I had no idea where  ot the courage to ask. Maybe, because it was this place, but I was s ure.

"Do you mean moving the fruit for you... or do you mean..." he asked.

The silence was unbearable, I didn't quite know what I had meant either.

He looked perplexed, and with good reason. I was afraid I had destroyed th onfidence we'd build with my wild stupid imagination and was about to sa never mind', but then he nodded.

"Okay." He said. "How?" I thought about it for a moment, I had no idea wha ould be easiest.

"Maybe just like we are now." I said. I grabbed the slippery fruit with m humb and index finger, and tried to pull it out. It was hard, but by als ushing with internal muscles, I managed to get it out. It landed on th lanket, glistening in the moon light. I pushed it away and looke ebastian deep into his eyes and he moved closer. My dick twitched as  ealized what was about to happen. Something had just made me offer up m irginity to the younger boy, and he was about to take it. The time it too im to he positioned himself almost felt like hours, like he wa esitating. Sebastian didn't ask questions, he knew what to do, even thoug his was also his first time. I suddenly felt the tip of his cock pres geist my opening. I expected him to chicken out at any moment, a part o e still hoped he would.

He looked at me, and I nodded once. I wanted him inside me so badly. H esitated just a few more seconds, and then he started pushing. I fel yself being stretched out. He was just as wide as the fruit had been, s he stretching still made me gasp, on top of that, the fruit had bee lippery, but Sebastian's penis was not. My hole was somewhat lubricate rom the oily residue, so he slit in without too much effort, when he wa alfway in, he moved out adjusted a little, and pushed to get it in th ast bit. As soon as I felt his soft skin of his pubic mound against m ole, I also felt the tip of his dick, hit my prostate. I moaned loudly a he intense pleasure which had built up and left my body with the frui ame back full force. I had a real-life dick in me for the first time an t felt amazing.

Sebastian was breathing heavily and his expression was full of wonder.

"Wow, this feels amazing." He whispered, breathlessly. I couldn't respond  as so lost in pleasure. Then Sebastian started to move. He was lying ove e, his face only reaching to my chest buried somewhere between my nipples adly because I wanted to see his face so badly right now. Even I coul ell his movements was untrained. He made only short slow movements.  eached down and grabbed his firm boy ass and started guiding him. Eve hough I was as untried as he was, I still felt like I was the one who kne he most and could guide, especially since I knew what angle I wanted hi o thrust to make sure he hit my prostate just right, every time. Soon w ell into a slow rhythm, that I knew wouldn't hold too long. My dick wa ubbing between his stomach and mine, making the feeling of both anal an enile stimulation simultaneously so intense I couldn't even perceiv ime. Then suddenly I felt as if my whole body exploded and I was pushe ver the edge. I cried out in pleasure as my orgasm filled my whol orld. I felt several splashes of cum spill out between our bodies, in  eries of powerful squirts. As the pleasure started to fade, I hel ebastian as close I could and as far up inside me as possible. Then h ame, he gave out a single quiet moan into my chest, followed by a quie hiver. Then I felt three or four squirts of warm liquid hit my insides. H as cumming inside me. He actually came inside me, filling my ass wit uices. I thought as we just laid there on top of each other, enjoying m irst ever afterglow. Several long minutes later something started to ache nd I gently rolled over letting Sebastian lie down on the blanket next t e in case he wasn't ready to leave whatever state of euphoria he wa aving. I could feel it tickle as his halfway flaccid dick fell out of m nd wished it had stayed in there for a little while longer. I looked a is face next to me. He was more or less already asleep, with a satisfie ook on his face. I could feel his sperm dribble out of my ass, just  ittle bit. It felt weird and wet between my buttocks, but I didn't car ight now. I kissed Sebastian on the forehead and just lied down next t im, just for a few minutes... I thought.

I was awoken again by a loud sound, from a bird. A shot adrenalin sho hough my body as I was rushed out of sleep. I had no idea how much tim ad passed, but I knew we couldn't just lay here. I stood up and looke p. The moon had moved so it had been at least an hour. I woke up Sebastia nd gathered our things. We didn't speak on our way back. Sebastian wa ore or less sleepwalking, and I had my own thoughts to think. A lot o oubts had shop up in my mind, whether or not sleeping with Sebastian ha een a good idea. He was younger than me, but not that much. But was i ight to just take his virginity like this? There was a stain on th lanket where my ass had been and the feeling of his cum dribbling out o e and running down my leg didn't make it better. Silent as cats we snu nto our tent and laid down in silence. I felt like he was about to sa omething, but he didn't. Instead he just snuggled close to me, hugging m aked body with his, as he once again fell asleep. Soon I fell asleep a ell, loving his warm embrace. Maybe all of this was just a dream, an omorrow I would wake up with cum-soaked underwear and a bruised ego.

[Tags: T/T, Mutual masturbation, anal play, anal sex]

