Date: Sat, 26 Dec 2020 10:20:53 +000 rom: Human Man <gladly11@hotmail.com ubject: Island, Chapter 14

Hello again, welcome back. Time for another chapter. I hope you enjoy it.


Disclaimer: This story is free fantasy, nothing in it ever happened and al haracters are made up and do not resemble any real person, living or dead.

This story includes a whole lot of irrisposible behaviour, and I do no ondone any of it. Including but not limited to: Sexual behaviour betwee ales younger than 16 years old, underaged drinking, nudity, swearing ublic urination, leaving teenagers unsupervised on a unspecfically locate ninhabited island, pop-culture references, compleate and utter disregar or STD prevention, some stuff you really shouldn't do with a camera ating or otherwise inserting into yourself unfamiliar fruits you find i ature, an (at this point) unhealthily lax attitude towards hyginge, an ad jokes.

I kindly remind you that I am a stranger on the internet and anything yo ead is on your own risk.

If you like this story and feel like donating, you can. Not to me, I am  epraved person who writes erotic fiction with something that vaguel esembles a plot and then jerk off to the result. No, donate to Nift nstead, cuz they are great. There is a link for that here ttp://donate.nifty.org/

Lastly, I like the idea of adding Tags to a story so people know what the an expect to jerk off to, but I also find them to often be spoiling th tory a little. With that in mind I have decided to put these at the botto f the page, so if you need tags they can be found there.







Chapter: 14 Martin, June 16th - Morning





"Ok, ok. You can let go of me now." Jacob said. He stumbled as I let go ausing his bodyweight to shift making him stumble.

"Woah!" he exclaimed as his struggled to regain balance.

"Just come on." I said. "We need to find Jake and Seb." I turned my back o y nude companion and strolled along the beach, hearing the tired Jacob' ootsteps behind me, in the soft sand.

"Tell me again why we have to look for those two? Aren't they old enough t ake care of themselves?" He asked. I didn't mention it, but I did agre ith him, at least a little bit. There were plenty of reasons why the tw f them could have decided to wake up early and go do, whatever they did ince they had been sleeping on the beach.

My thoughts wandered back to the stuff we'd been doing last night. Th wesome costumes, that we'd left back at the camp, and the pictures we' aken. I was still wearing the Amber necklace, but had otherwise chosen t hed my other cumbersome accessories, since they'd be uncomfortable t leep with. Jacob on the other hand was still wearing all of his, since i ad been pretty sparse to begin with. I wondered if I should put some o ine back on when we came back. The stuff really made it feel like we wer art of a tribe, and not just visiting teenagers on a strange island. I ddition, Jacob looked really cute wearing that gear. Like a young Tarzan f Tarzan had been a scrawny redhead.

"Hello?" He said. "Did you hear me?" Jacob asked, he walked up next to m ith a grin, and roughed up my hair.

"Yea... sorry." I said. "I guess Matt is worried they're lost or hurt o omething."

"How?" Jacob said. "How do you get lost on this Island? I mean just wal traight till you find a coast and then follow it back to camp - how har s that?"

"Then maybe they are hurt." I said.

Both of them? If one of them is hurt, can't the other one just run back an et someone but what are the odds that they both get hurt?"

"Who knows. In all likelihood we'll find them sleeping somewhere."  aid. "Or lost in one of their games."

"If they are sleeping then I'm totally dive bombing them." Jacob said iggling.

"No, you aren't." I said.

"And what are you gonna do to stop me?" Jacob asked. He placed an ar round my shoulders and leaned in close to my ear, placing his other han ently over my chest as he said it. My muscles tensed up at his touch. Hi oft skin against mine reminded me how naked, we both were.

"I..." I stammered, but lost my words as I tried to utter them.

"What?" He said, and looked at me. "Got nothing do you?" Quickly I ducke ut of his arms and started walking a little more briskly.

"I guess I'll just have to find them before you do them." I said, behind m s Jacob picked up the pace.

"Wait up" Jacob said, and end paced after me. In response I started runnin own the beach, as fast as the sand and the fear of stepping on somethin ointy would let me. The wild chase ended when Jacob proved to be m uperior at foot racing, managed to grab my arm. I gave off a laughin creech and attempted to wrestle myself free of the naked boy who tried t ackle me. I used my weight to pull at him to get free but it only resulte n both of us tumbling into the soft sand. Unfortunately, the more agil acob, ended up on top of me. He pinned my arms with he's knee's an rinned down at me.

"Now what will you do?" He asked, smiling smugly down at me.

"Knock it off, we have to find... mmhgh!" I didn't manage to finish m entence, before Jacob's lips met mine, in a kiss that felt playful an enuine at the same time. I panicked and started thrashing an icking. Mostly due to the surprise, but not entirely.

"What?" Jacob said in surprise and broke his kiss. He looked at me like h idn't understand why I was objecting. Truth be told I didn't quit nderstand it all myself.

"Nothing, just get off me." I mumbled, and stopped fighting. My arm lready hurt quite a bit from having his knees braced on them. I felt hi ift his butt from my chest and mumble something unintelligible.

It wasn't that I didn't want him kissing me, but it felt weird to have hi o it. I knew he could be a little impulsive. After last time he and I ha een intimate together I'd been a little too forward. He and I weren' ogether. We weren't a couple, and we weren't dating. Heck, he'd said i ight from the start. He and I were jerk off buddies.

Jacob managed to hold it together for less than five minutes before h ouldn't handle the silence, and serious atmosphere I had just summoned.

"Those two are just fine, you don't have to walk so fast." He said, whil alking behind me. I hadn't even noticed that I'd been speed walking.  lowed down a little but didn't look at him.

"Dude will you chill, it was just a kiss." He said. "Were so far from camp o one will notice. We've kissed before, right."

"It's fine, I'd just... never mind." I said. "I just don't know if it's  ood idea that we go around and kiss. Not if we aren't like that."

"Like what? I thought you liked that we could fool around." He said, no alking besides me, trying to catch my eyes. I avoided eye contact.

"I do like it, but you know that we aren't dating. I don't know if w hould be so spontaneous." I said, trying to word my feelings the best  ould.

"What the hell does that mean?" He asked, still not understanding. "Yo aying we can't do that stuff without planning it ahead? That sounds like  oner killer."

"No... I'm just saying we need to establish what we're ok wit oing. Otherwise, we'll end up doing something that will repulse th ther." I said, trying to make him understand.

"And what would that be... you wanna start making a contract?" He asked.

"Sort of, I guess." I said. "Last time I... don't you remember what I did."

"Yea... you accidentally fucked me in the ass." He said, so bluntly and s atter-of-factly it made me wince. Like it hadn't even occurred to him t e mad or offended by it.

"Yes... that." I said, finding it impossible to establish eye contact.

"Is that was has been nagging you all this time? Didn't I already tell yo  don't mind?" He asked.

"How can it not bother you. I basically raped you... I mean... It wasn't o urpose but..."

"So? I mean sure, I was a little surprised when it happened, but It was a ccident. No harm done." He said.

"No harm done?!" I said, still shocked by his attitude. "I took you irginity, just like that."

"Your cock isn't the first or the biggest thing I've had up my ass. Come o an't you just loosen up... no pun intended."

I sighed. I was still feeling guilty, but his words were helping a littl it. When I didn't replay Jacob continued.

"Do you really think I didn't expect us to eventually get there? I was s orny yesterday, I probably would have let you fuck me, if you'd asked.  as already so opened up, I was basically longing for someone to get u nside me. I don't know why I was so riled up yesterday, but I've neve elt so good in my life."

I grinded my teeth a little at his words, but then finally sighed deeply.

"Are you sure you aren't mad... I feel like you should be mad at me."  aid. But it only made Jacob react with a face palm.

"Don't you get it?" He said. "I liked it... I didn't know I would, but  id. I liked it from the first time you jerked me off in the ocean. I lik t when you surprise me, ok! I can't believe I have to say it. Least of al o you."

Now it was my turn to be confused. What was he on about now.

"You can't mean that. I know we do it sometimes, but not without makin ure the other one wants to."

"Are you kidding?" He said. "I love it when you surprise me. You didn't as hen you grabbed me and jerked me off in the ocean, and shoved your dic etween my legs. You just did it and I like when you do it. I want you t urprise me."

"I can't do that... what If I do something you don't like? What if yo ren't in the mood."

"Come on... I'm always in the mood. You know me well enough to kno hat. You want a contract, here is my deal. If you feel like doin omething to me, you do it. I'm a big boy, I can say no if I don't wan o. But otherwise, don't hold back for my sake. You know how much I hat oing things on a schedule."

I was pretty sure my eyes were the size of teacups. How could he just offe imself up like that, my eyes sought down his naked body, as something we nd hard poked me in the hip. Jacob's member had gotten hard as he wa alking. His dilated pupils also told me what he said was making him horn nd wild.

"All right, but we need to make sure we stop, if we're about to overste he other ones boundaries. I'm not as spontaneous as you are." I said. "I ne of us say no, the other one stops, all right?"

"Duh." He said.

"And not when the others are looking. I don't want them to know." I said.

"Not even Thor?" He asked.

"No, don't start something when the others are there. We should just mak n excuse to leave, or just do it when the others aren't around."

"Suit yourself... Personally I don't care what the others see, or thin bout it." He said.

"You really are a slut." I said, sending him a sly smile.

"Better than being a prude. I'm tired of all this secrecy anyway." H aid. "Come on, let's go get rid of these boners before I explode." He ra is hand over my cock, which were already standing to attention. I felt  huttering sensation as his fingers tickled the sensitive skin.

"We still need to find Seb and Jake." I pointed out; my objection dulled b y shortness of breath.

"They can manage ten minutes without us... just come on." He said. He too y hand and dragged me in between the large rocks that marked the borde etween the smooth rocky cliffs that lead to the shrine of the unknow ertility goddess. Vigorously, the redhead planted my butt against th mooth hot surface of a boulder that was half buried in the sand under hal  foot of water, which submerged our ankles. His libs as well as his tors nd groin made close contact with my body as he took me into a passionat iss. It felt like being part of a romance movie, only happening in rea ife. I couldn't help but feel like I had to respond with the same kind o igor that Jacob was expressing.

With my hand sliding down his back and further down around one of th erfectly round and continuously contracting butt muscles, I pulled him i urther towards my pelvis area, causing massive sparks of excitement as ou anhoods were mushed together, and rubbing against each other as well a ur respective bodies. Even without looking, I knew I was leaking fluid own there, making the entire area sticky and wet. Jacob was humping m igorously which made it even harder for me to stay in control of m ody. Pressure was building up, and I was sure he'd make me cum if h ontinued like that.

I broke off a few seconds before it happened. We'd only been humping fo hirty seconds or so. I sure as hell wasn't done yet. Jacob had said h anted me to be spontaneous, and take what I wanted. I felt the pressur ubside slightly as I quickly contemplated my next move. Without thinkin oo much about it, I moved my hand further up between Jacobs butt cheeks nd let my fingers slide over the hole putting a light trying pressure o he sphincter. It was enough to make him gasp but not enough to gai ntrance. Especially since Jacob automatically clenched in reflex. His hol elt unexpectantly slick, as if there were still remnants of fruit juice u here from yesterday.

I hesitated. His surprised gasp made me doubt myself, and whether I' verstepped the line, once again. Jacob's large beautiful eyes were burnin nto mine; his face was impossible to read. I could feel his sharp breat n my face, and feel the heat from his body released into mine.

"Well..." He whispered seductively "Don't wait for my approval... Do wha ou want and deal with your insecurities later." He placed his mouth ove ine, and stuck his tongue in there. He was about to playfully take m ongue between his lips, but I was faster. With as devious a smile as  ould muster with his face over mine, I pressed two fingers against hi phincter. I expected resistance but found that I slid in so easy, I wa nuckle deep inside him before I could manage to pace myself. The ginge as so slick inside that my fingers basically had no resistance once the ere in there.

Jacob broke the kiss, and groaned, throwing back his head. It wa mpossible to tell if he was in pain, or just as surprised as I was abou ow suddenly I had inserted myself into him. He was about to say something ut a single movement of my index finger stifled his words, and drowne hem in a deep moan. He planted his forehead on my shoulder and huffed nable to utter anything. The only indicator I had with told me what I wa oing was right, was the throbbing cock that was pressing against my thigh nd leaking copious amount of precum onto my leg.

"Not so cocky now." I whispered into his ear. My words earned me a wea huckle, which were immediately replaced by a moan as soon as I moved m ingers again.

"You're really sensitive." I said. "Who would have known that your butt wa our weakness this whole time." Once again, his only response was a groan.

I felt it was time to step it up a little. I knew I had another thing  anted to try, and It might as well be now as later. With maybe a littl ore force than I had anticipated, I broke the loving embrace that Jaco nd I had been sharing, removing my fingers from his butt and feeling ho he muscles released my hand and fell back into their normal shape. Jaco ighed deeply at the sensation, but didn't get to rest, before I place im, chest first, over the sun heated rock we'd been standing against. Thi ime it wasn't going to be an accident. I was going to fuck him, o urpose. No, I wasn't just going to fuck him, I was going to breed him ike a stallion on a mare. A very masculine mare, though.

"Last chance to object." I said softly into his ear, as I leaned down ove im pressing my hard cock in between his soft, strong cheeks. In an attemp o be kinky, I licked him behind the ear, slowly from bottom to top. H idn't answer with anything but a huffed groaning sound which could hav een an approving noise, with a little bit of good will.

With that, I took a hold of my eager hard member and placed it against th ole. My whole body lying flat over Jacob's back. I could feel his fas eartbeat and his deep breaths of anticipation, as clearly as I could fee y own. The sexual tension was so high that we both had to feel the sam uphoric loss of our faculties.

I pressed myself inside, with stunning ease. Jacob's butt was so relaxe nd so slick, it was like a snug, wet and warm sleeve.

"Fuuuck" Jacob groaned as my cock slid up inside him, all the way to th oint where my pubic area was pressed hard against the edges of his hole.  as so far up inside him; I could feel every square centimeter of hi nsides. Every little reflective contraction and shiver caused by m aressing of his skin, or my overwhelming presence inside of the other boy.

Without further ado, I began fucking him. I had a feeling that I was goin o take him, like no one on this planet had ever been taken before, no hat it had any hold in reality, but at this point I was sure no one ha ver felt this kind of sexual energy. My movements were slow to begi ith. Long deep thrusts deep into his tight, slick ass. My right hand wa n Jacobs ribcage, feeling every deep breath he took while the other on as intertwined with Jacobs left hand, next to his head. My body was stil ressed against his back, while I was breathing steadily into hi ar. Moaning and groaning, and once in a while whispering unintelligibl ords of passion. Jacob had completely surrendered to me, his body movin nly slightly in trot with mine. I moved my hand down the length of hi ody and felt in between his legs. I wasn't going to play with his dick hich was braced against the stone anyway. But with a gentle hand cuppin nd lightly massaging his round almost hairless ball sack, which caused  ew session of moans from Jacob's mouth. I was about ready to explode, eve hough we couldn't have been making love for more than a minute. But  eeded to hold on. I wanted Jacob to cum first. I was convinced that  ould be able to feel his orgasm, through my dick. Just when I was sure  ouldn't hold it and was going to nut inside of him. Jacob came.

"NGHHHH!" he huffed, as I felt ever little contraction his body wa aking. His butt clenched and relaxed, clenched and relaxed on repeat mor imes than I could count, in quick succession. I could feel his body pum nd knew that I could finally let go. With a sigh I pressed myself insid im as far as it would go, and released my own juices. I felt every littl olt of cum as I climaxed, the powerful tickling sensation in my whol ody.

I sighed deeply as my orgasm subsided, and my dick slowly stopped ejectin y seed inside Jacob. His breath had become steady, and his insides ha elaxed quite a bit, as my manhood started to soften. When Jacob finall tarted to move underneath me, I slowly and with difficulty lifted my bod o he could get free. As soon as I did, my halfway softened penis slid ou f him followed by a stream of milky clear liquid which dribbled into th hallow water around our ankles.

Jacob didn't get up for a while after I had removed myself from him, h ust flipped over on his back, and lifted on leg up onto the rock preading them out as much as he could. I just spend the entire tim ooking sheepishly at him. The air of lust had dissipated and I was no taring at my fuck-buddy with a mix of conflicting feelings. Pride was on f them, as well as a sense of accomplishment. Yet I felt a little bi shamed and embarrassed too. I couldn't shake the feeling that Jacob shoul ave been treated with more respect than I had. Was this really the kind i ex I wanted to be having? He looked like a mess, with cum all up and dow is body, and his dick laying up towards his navel. Not to forget th teady stream of liquid that were escaping from his butt and running slowl own the smooth stone surface.

I turned away from him and looked out over the ocean. Feeling a little sic ver myself. I knew that I hadn't done anything Jacob hadn't asked me t o... well he hadn't out right asked me to fuck him senseless, but he' aid to take what I wanted... was that really what I wanted. I suddenl elt my bladder ring for my attention. Distraughtly I took a hold of m enis, it was glistening and sticky, and pulled back the foreskin before  tarted peeing into the ocean, not really paying attention to anythin ther than my conflicting thoughts. The stream sprayed awkwardly in ever irection, like an old shower head, due to the recent activity and residua uices left inside it.

"Did you have to cum inside me?" Jacob groaned suddenly, sounding strange.

"Sorry." I grunted and squatted down in the water, with my back against th tone, watching the horizon with a thousand-yard stare.

"Ngh... that's gonna be sore." He continued, and sighed. I heard him shif is position atop the stone where we'd just... I wanted to say made love ut that didn't feel like the right term.

"Sorry." I grunted again.

"Dude, are you ok?" He said sounding less annoyed, but still ver ired. "You sound rather down for a guy who just had sex."

"It's nothing." I said. "I just..." I trailed off and left the other boy  ittle confused. I think I'll just go back to camp." I said and got up fro y squatting position, pulling my junk out of the water.

"Don't we still have to find the two... you know." He waved weakly with hi and, in a slobby gesture.

"If we haven't found them the others probably have." I sai nenthusiastically. My head was spinning with more important things.  tarted walking towards the beach, and caught myself looking around for m horts, but remembered that I hadn't worn any for several days now. Behin e I heard Jacob get up from his rock, groaning and huffing like it wa ifficult before he stared walking after me.

"Ngh... ok, What's wrong now?" He said. Hustling up beside me, even thoug e walked like he'd been horseback riding since dawn, and winced every tim e moved too much. Looking at him made me feel guilty.

"It's... I'm sorry if I were a bit rough... I shouldn't have done that."  aid sheepishly. "I didn't mean for it to be like that."

Jacob raised an eyebrow at me.

"I don't know why you keep apologizing? It's sex, you don't have to fee ad about it, you know." He said, sounding mildly amused despite hi bvious soreness.

"I'm not feeling bad. I always thought sex would be a mutual thing, like  hing where two people pleasure each other. I feel like I'm just using you ody as a tool to get off." I said, not really sure where those words wer oming from.

"Oh." Jacob said. "There was a silence between us for a while. "I don' now about you but I felt great. If that's not how you feel then. I'm no ure how... how we do that." He finally said.

"Me neither, but we have to figure it out... somehow." I said.

The two of us started heading back towards camp. Neither of us though bout Jake and Seb at the moment. But at least I found Jacobs hand, slid nto mine, lacing our fingers together.



[Tags: Anal, fingering, rough.]

