Date: Wed, 30 Dec 2020 21:02:33 +000 rom: Human Man <gladly11@hotmail.com ubject: Island, Chapter 18

And we are back with chapter 18. This is a Jacob episode, which some of yo ave been looking forward to as he seem to be one of your favorites. Enjoy.

Disclaimer: This story is free fantasy, nothing in it ever happened and al haracters are made up and do not resemble any real person, living or dead.

This story includes a whole lot of irrisposible behaviour, and I do no ondone any of it. Including but not limited to: Sexual behaviour betwee ales younger than 16 years old, underaged drinking, nudity, swearing ublic urination, leaving teenagers unsupervised on a unspecfically locate ninhabited island, pop-culture references, compleate and utter disregar or STD prevention, some stuff you really shouldn't do with a camera ating or otherwise inserting into yourself unfamiliar fruits you find i ature, an (at this point) unhealthily lax attitude towards hyginge unning around a dark deserted island in the middle of the night, sexua olestation of artwork, and bad jokes.

I kindly remind you that I am a stranger on the internet and anything yo ead is at your own risk.

If you like this story and feel like donating, you can. Not to me, I am  epraved person who writes erotic fiction with something that vaguel esembles a plot and then jerk off to the result. No, donate to Nift nstead, cuz they are great. There is a link for that here ttp://donate.nifty.org/

Lastly, I like the idea of adding Tags to a story so people know what the an expect to jerk off to, but I also find them to often be spoiling th tory a little. With that in mind I have decided to put these at the botto f the page, so if you need tags they can be found there.



Chapter 18: Jacob, June 16th - Late Afternoon



"Come on Jake!" I hollered at the younger Asian boy as the six of us wer lmost ready to go, except the fact that the youngest among us were takin ges getting everything ready. To be fair it was partially Martin' ault. He'd insisted on everyone getting back into their tribal get-u efore we could set off towards the peak of the island. It didn't matte uch to me since I was already wearing my get up. Fair enough it was only  elt and an ankle cord, but they were nicely decorated. Although Marti ucceeded in convincing me to add a bracelet and a necklace he'd made.  ever could say no to that boy. I'd even used one of the cords to tie som f my hair together. I didn't have long hair like Jake did, but I could ti t up a little bit. The tribal marks that we'd made yesterday would do th est. It was weird. No matter how much I tried to scrub off the marks, th hite outlines were still visible on my rapidly tanning (and in many cases eddening) skin. On my normal ginger-pale skin color it would have bee lmost invisible but now that I was getting browner it was there clear a ay. As usual I refused to cover up with clothes. I had card blanc to wal round naked all the time and I was not about to waste a single moment o t with irritating and constricting fabric.

With the knowledge that we had to carry a whole bunch of stuff all the wa o the other side of the island I had gone into the tent I shared wit artin and found my duffle-bag. I'd emptied it for everything it had, an tuffed it full of blankets, mattresses and sleeping bags. Jake had don he same with Andres duffle-bag which Martin was now filling with simila tems.

Martin was looking stunningly handsome and downright erotic in his triba et up. Thank goodness he'd taken my advice to drop the ridiculou ead-dress he'd made and instead made a much more suiting crown of smalle eaves, feathers, flowers and shells. His neck was decorated with the hug lump of amber he and Thor had found on the beach and had little leaf racelets on his wrists and angles. Otherwise he was as naked and painte s I was.

I watched him as he stood there, bend over the duffle-bad with his but ight next to me. I really wanted to grope his ass and possibly play wit is little round balls I could see between his legs, but I managed t esist the temptation. I'd promised him not to do that when the others wer round, so I didn't.

In the middle of camp, Thor was helping Sebastian and Jake pack the las ood items we'd need, into a backpack. Most of the food we had was canned ondensed, salted, dried or even radiated to make it nonperishable, s oving it was not much a problem. It was deciding what we shoul ring. Nobody seemed to mind the four bottes of fruit-juice I'd carefull ollected and botted in some empty soda cans, along with my last bottle o odka, which had sadly not lasted long on this island. I wondered if ther as a way to ferment the fruit-juice myself. It sure as hell had enoug ugar to feed the yeast but when I didn't have any way to make an ai ock. I'd have to think about it. The Idea had struck me yesterday. I asn't like I had anything better to do at this island, besides playin round with Martin. As fun as that was it couldn't take all my time an esides my butt was really sore after this morning.

While Sebastian were still as naked as he always was, his little brow enis with the long foreskin dangling about with all of his quick motions e looked the most tribal, if it hadn't been for his glasses. The drago rawing on his brown skin looked almost good enough to be a tattoo. Jak as pretty talented as an artist, and had really done an excellent job o ainting Seb.

Due to him being afraid of sunburn, Thor had put on an open Hawaiian shir ut was otherwise bottomless, which was insanely hot, and make my dic witch every time I looked at him. His flaccid but swollen cock hangin oosely in the air like a ripe fruit ready to pluck... I managed to sto yself from thinking 'and shove up my ass' otherwise I'd just get fired u nd I couldn't afford that. There was a long time till I'd be able to jer ff, or possibly pull Martin into a bush and have my way with him, so I ha o pace myself. But other than that, Thor had his tribal getup on an ooked like a modern-day version of an islander rather than a primitiv ne. Jake on the other hand had not decorated as much for the occasion. I' een him go into his tent earlier and when he came back out several lon inutes later, he was wearing way too big t-shirt which suspected wa ctually Andre's as it went almost to his knees. Afterward he'd spend  ong time putting on a pair of strange homemade underwear which cuppe round his dick and balls, and were twisted along his hipbone around hi aist and up between his butt-cheeks. We'd let the youngest be responsibl or the food situation, while Martin and I was in charge of sleepin rrangement. Thor who was the strongest of us, had mostly taken stuff fo ntertainment, but were also carrying blankets a sleeping bag and extr ater. Lars was in charge of miscellaneous things we needed. The first ai it, some more water, sunscreen, one of the miniature kitchens sets an ome extra activities. He was dressed completely in his tribal gear, bu ad exchanged the over the top and unpractical palm-leaf skirt for a brow abric substitute that was worn around the waist much like one would wear  owel, held up by a leaf-cord belt. Whether he was wearing underwea nderneath was anyone guess. His many primitive jewels were a clear sig hat he enjoyed wearing the getup as much as martin did. I mostly though e looked like a rich chieftain of some type.

"Are we ready to go or what?" I shouted to the others. "We need to ge here before it gets dark, and we don't even know where we're going!"

"Take it easy, Jacob." Thor said hoisting his considerable burden o urther up on his back as he walked towards Martin and I who'd been read or several long minutes already. He gave me a friendly, but hard slap o y behind, that left a stinging sensation and made me skip forward with  elp. As if my butt wasn't sore enough already and my inners protested a he harsh handling.

"We'll find it, we still have hours before dusk and all we need to do is g p right." He mused optimistically.

"Speaking of that." Martin said in a low voice. "We're not going throug you know where'."

"Why not?" I asked. "Shouldn't they see the place too?"

"Not yet..." Martin hissed but Thor cut him off.

"I have a feeling Sebastian wants to lead the charge." He said. " nderstand the two of them have been spending some time climbing the rock arts, so I think they know where to go."

"Cool, maybe there are more hidden treasures up there. Let's go!" I sai mpatiently.

Despite my impatience the group wasn't ready for at least 10 more minutes hich felt like an hour to me.

Instead of assisting with the last of the packing I sat down in opening o ur tent, the white sand too hot for my bare butt, and with my beach towe acked down, it was my best option. Frustrated I opened a half-empty bottl f fruit juice which had been sitting in a bucket of seawater to keep i ool. The liquid was sweet enough that it might as well be soda. Matt ha ade me promise not to drink too much of it. We still didn't know what th ruit was, and he was worried that since it was sweet, it must have a lo f sugar in it or how much water it actually had. This could mea ehydration if it was my main way of quenching my thirst. But screw him, h asn't here now. Thor had made a covert comment about the juice making m eird, whatever that meant. I maintained that it was nonsense. The native ad obviously both eaten the fruit and drunk its juices, so why shouldn' ? One of the things I'd been able to pass the time with, besides whackin ff and sunbathing... sometimes simultaneously. Was collecting the fruits sing one of my T-shirts as a sack (I didn't have much use for the nyway), and bottle the juice. I didn't make too much at a time, there wa  limit to how much we could eat, and I didn't know how quickly it would g ad. So I'd taken to do it a little bit each day. It wasn't particularl nspiring work, but at least it was something to do.

"All right Jacob, we're ready!" Seb called slinging a bag over hi houlder. I snapped out of my thoughts and sprang to my feet.

"Finally." I grunted as we all departed into one of the patches that lea ast our lavatory and further in between the thousands of bambo talks. The rough fabric of the duffle-bag scraping against the skin of m ack, which was already sensitive from too much sun.

"You could have just gone ahead." Lars said, apparently having heard m ast muttering.

"I don't know where we're going." I said.

"None of us do." Lars replied. He was walking behind me as the last perso n the group, walking single file on the narrow path. "We're just lookin or the highest point."

I looked up the line, past Martin and Thor walking in front of me to th ynamic duo of Seb and Jake who'd taken point in our littl rip. Sebastian's cute little brown butt visible as the two of them wer orse playing. I wondered if he was the next person we should introduce t he Shrine. Martin had told me earlier that he'd allowed Thor to introduc ars to the Shrine. I didn't think Lars was the right choice for it, bu artin was the one who called the shot on this, so I didn't sa nything. Whether Thor had actually shown him already I didn't know. As fa s I knew Lars would just go there to take pictures. I didn't have an eason to believe the two of them were close enough to jerk of ogether. Sebastian was a completely different subject entirely. He wa weet and nerdy in a good way. He was close with Jake in a way that seeme oth highly intimate and completely innocent at the same time. That wa nother problem too. If I told Seb, he'd tell Jake instantly and I wa retty sure Jake wasn't ready for something like that at all. I vaguel egistered that I'd gotten a boner, not sure if it was because of th houghts I had, or because of the parade of perfectly formed boy butts i alking single file in front of me. Thor's butt was partially obscure ight now, not because he was wearing anything but his shirt, but becaus e was carrying two bags and a guitar. Even Jakes strange underwear didn' ide his butt, because the part that went between his legs, was tugge n-between his little olive cheeks like a G-string, he'd tied up the wa oo big T-shirt so it wouldn't be in the way when we got into roughe errain. I really fucking loved this island.

After a good ten minutes of walking, we had passed the grove with all th ruit bushes, and after five more minutes we'd reached the border betwee he lush and the rocky part of the island. We would have gotten ther ooner but we weren't walking particularly fast, and we had to snake in an ut with the narrow path. I was starting to regret that I hadn't explored  ot of the island. Not that we hadn't already seen quite a bit.

We finally reached a smooth cliff side that extended up about fiv eters. From its top a trickle of water ran down the rock face fro omewhere out of view. It was barely enough water that you could tell i as running down and not just a random wet spot on the island. Below it wa  tiny pond of water barely a foot deep, but crystal clear.

"Alright so this is where we found the mud, that we used for our markings. ebastian said. He squatted down and looked into the pond; his walkin tick planted in the ground for extra stability. If it weren't for hi lasses, the illusion of an African boy getting water for his family woul e complete. I half expected Martin to slap me over the head for cultura nsensitivity. Good thing he couldn't read my mind.

"That looks so clean." I said stepping up to get a closer look.

"Probably shouldn't drink it." Lars commented from the back. "We don't kno hat's in it."

"I wasn't going... AAAAAH!" I screamed as Sebastian playfully splashe ater in my direction. The water was ice cold. A lot colder than I woul ave ever guessed. "What the fuck!" I retreated and looked at the grinnin eb.

"We think it comes from within the island somewhere. If that's true i hould be pure enough to drink if we take it directly from the spring." H aid, standing up and tugging his hand under his arm to warm it.

"Where do we go from here?" Thor asked, looking to Seb, since he wa upposed to find the way. Sebastian looked indecisive for a moment but the aid.

"This way." He said. "We can follow the cliffside till it become limbable. We could also have followed the beach but if we did, we woul ave had to go a longer way around. Wasn't it over here?" he asked lookin t Jake.

Jake didn't say anything but nodded and shrugged. Not a very big help bu ince it was our best bet, we went that way. I noticed how low the sun wa etting on the sky and hoped we'd get there before it got dark. Then  eard the characteristic sound of an old camera clicking and buzzing an ooked back to see what I already knew. Lars had taken a picture o omething and was now shaking the polaroid gently. Curious, I hung bac ill I was next to him.

"See anything you liked?" I asked looking over his shoulder to see th icture he'd taken.

"Just documenting our trip to the peak." He said. "It's part of th ssignment, right?" He held the picture still so I could see the slowl merging image.

A cluster of handsome young men, myself included was toning in, an array o ute butts all lined up next to each other.

"You my friend have great taste." I said snickering at him and taking th icture to have a better look while Lars blushed and mumbled somethin bout accidental framing or whatever. Then I remembered I had the exac mage in real life in front of me and handed back the little white piece o lastic to Lars.

"Did you bring the album too?" I asked. Lars nodded and shook the larg houlder pack where he kept his own camera. We chatted a little back an orth before catching up with the rest of the pack who'd made a stop whe he cliff finally seemed to make room for humans to scale it safely.

"This looks right." Seb said, sounding a lot more confident now.

"Alright but don't go too fast, we're carrying a lot of gear here." Lar aid, in a tone I would have called complaining if I'd been in a les orgiving mood. I myself was no stranger to the horrors of hiking. M arents had always made me go on these dreadful church youth-group hikin rips along the St. Lawrence River.

"Just remember that we don't have that many hours of daylight left; we nee o make the most of it. And there is a lot of island to get lost on. artin commented.

"As long as we keep going up, we should be fine." Sebastian said. "Com n."

Sebastian and Jake took point going in between two large boulders an isappeared into the mysterious rocky terrain. My first thought was alon he lines of this place being like a labyrinth. The path zigzagged for  hile, as we climbed but then started branching off randomly. We often ha o stop and think as to what the best approach would be. More than once w ad to stop to climb over a hurdle rather than finding a way around. Doin uch maneuvers, we had to take our bags off and boost one guy up onto  oulder, this being either Seb or Jake, then hand them the gear before Tho oosted the rest of us up. Thor himself, was a beast and didn't seem t ave any trouble getting himself up as the last one.

"I can't climb that." Lars said, this time full on complaining wer tanding at an even bigger ledge than before. He looked hopelessly at th urdle he had to scale and back at Martin, Thor and me who was handing th ast bag up to Seb and Jake, already up top.

"It's not that high, you can do it. I'm gonna help you." Thor said puttin  protective arm around his tent-mate and guided him forward. He knelt dow nd cupped his hands ready to boost. I wasn't really sure how I could hel o I opted to stand on the other side, ready to push if necessary. Huffin ike a bear Lars placed a hand on my shoulder and put his sandaled foot i hor's hands. In a single quick motion Thor tossed Lars upward having th hubby boy cling comically to the ledge, legs kicking for leverage. I trie etting my shoulder under his foot, but it was no use. On the positive sid  did get to have a glance up under the skirt he was wearing. True enoug e wasn't wearing anything underneath, and I got a real good look at hi ick, dangling like crazy under his vigorous struggle.

With a sigh he slid down the boulder and landed on his feet next to me.

"That's not happening." He said, heavy hearted and leaned against th ock. "Sorry about that."

"No that might be a little ambitious." Thor agreed. "I think no matter wha t least one of us is going to be stuck here." He turned to Jake and Se ho was looking down from above. Again, the perspective on nude boy bodie ere a lot different from this angle, and my dick twitched and starte welling. The fact that I hadn't cum since this morning was getting t e. I had to pause my brain for a minute. Martin and I had literally ha ex this morning, not to mention that if we didn't count his little sli esterday It had even been my first time having real sex. Despite that  ad still been plagued with horny thoughts all afternoon. Granted I usuall erked off four to six times a day, but still. I would have thought bein ucked in the ass would quench my sexual thirst at least for a day.  lanced down at my cock, which was on its way to full mast for the sixtiet ime today. It would have to wait till I could find a quiet moment.

"If you come down carefully one at the time, we'll get you down." Tho alled up. Jake nodded and squatted down, getting ready to slide int hor's arms but Sebastian put a hand on his shoulder.

"Maybe we can scout out a better way for you." Sebastian said. "It's easie o spot from up here."

"Alright but don't hurt yourself." Martin said. Seb send us a grin and too akes hand before disappearing. Lars plunged down on the raw stone beneat im with a sigh and leaned back on his arms.

"They really are a pair of oddballs." He said. "Sorry for being s on-acrobatic."

"Don't worry about it." Thor said, sitting down next to Lars. "I doubted w ould have gotten up that one. Jake is light as a feather, and Seb i retty agile.

"Implied that I am the fat one." He said, a little venom in hi oice. Martin looked a little uncomfortable, but Thor was quick to correct.

"That's not what I meant." He said.

"I know it wasn't." He said. I noticed that Lars placed his hand on Thor' nee. It was a slight and almost inconspicuous gesture. Before I coul ully form the thought in my brain, we heard Sebastian's voice above us.

"Hey, it looks like you can come up this way around, if you go back  ittle and take your first left. It will take you to an easy climb.

"Awesome." Martin called up and stretched out a hand for Lars to take.  id the same for Thor, and soon we had both on their feet. We lef ebastian and Jake standing where they stood, to go around and find them.

The trip around took a few more minutes of walking. I was really hopin ebastian was right about this, but it turned out not to be a problem. Jus round the ledge we found a few smaller boulders which acted as an eas tairway to the next level. When we reached the plateau with all ou uggage, I saw Jake sitting on the duffle-bag I'd carried earlier, with al he blankets in it.

"We made it." Martin said. "Where is Sebastian?"

"He wanted to see if he could scout out the way." Jake said and stoo p. We all picked up our bags and continued.

"SEB!" Thor called out. And started walking in the same direction. I didn' ee why there was any reason to get worked up, but I followed withou omment. My legs were getting numb from all this hiking. I was starting t emember why I hadn't spent much time in this side of the island.

"Over here!" A muffled voice yelled back. "Hurry I found another painting!"

Suddenly the younger boy had piqued my interest. All of us hurried alon oward the sound of Seb yelling, following the path in between the nex ayer of huge boulders.

Seb was standing at a fork in the road looking at yet another perfectl mooth rock face, that a native had used as a full-size canvas. Two boy ach standing with one arm around the other. The tallest and oldest wit is harm around the youngest's shoulders, who in turn had his arm aroun he eldest's hips. Naked as the day they were born except for their triba rinkets and so lifelike that my brain registered them as real for  oment. My eyes fell on the massive tool between the oldest boys egs. Bigger than even Matt's cock. My dick which had already been mostl t 90 % hardness in the last five minutes were now hard as steel an hrobbing. So much so that even I got a little embarrassed. Luckily, I wa tanding in the back of the group, and I was not the only one. Martin wa tanding next to me struggling with an erection that had to be as powerfu s mine. Thor too was not entirely flaccid either and I could have swor hat there was a bulge in Lars' makeshift kilt. But it might have bee ishful thinking. Very interesting still. Sebastian and Jake were the onl nes who seemed to be less erotically affected by the sight and mor urious, and somewhat embarrassed respectably. It was hard to tell wit ake, who was absolutely flushed red in the face with embarrassment a eeing the naked painting. He'd undone the knot in the t-shit a littl hile back, so it now looked more like a nightgown than a t-shirt. Bu ebastian's little cute brown dick was undeniably flaccid. Still th xperience was kind of interesting. I was openly bisexual to anyone wh ared to ask, and Martin was gay as the day was long. Up until today I' een pretty sure Thor was mostly straight. I say that only because I ha ever believed there was any such thing as '100 % straight' and because h t least showed some interest in looking at boys. Lars I was unsur bout. He was definitely not all straight through but again, who was? To m yes Sebastian and Jake still had some measure of innocence in them specially Jake. Despite or maybe because of how comfortable they were wit ach other I'd be pretty surprised if any of them had even been close t heir first kiss.

I was knocked out of my thought process when Jake spoke.

"What are they pointing at?" He asked, looking at their hands and making  ood effort to not look at their penises. True enough both boys wer ointing, one was pointing upward to one side, the other downward to th ther.

"I think they're pointing the way to somewhere." I said. "It's prett bvious. But I don't where."

"This one is pointing up." Thor said. "Maybe that means the peak?"

"Seems logical. Let's go see." I said. We all turned to go up, but Lar alled out. Having taken the old camera from around his neck and wa ooking through the seeker.

"Wait Thor can you get in front the picture, but without blocking it. Yes ight there. Act like you're standing with the two of them." Thor looke ack at Lars, shrugged and went over next to the tallest guy smiling an ointing in the same direction.

"Jacob you stand on the other side and point down." He said. I hesitate or a bit. I still had a massive boner. Jesus Christ when had I starte aring about that? I ginned and went over next to the other painted boy an ointed down, making sure to place my hand right next to his dick, in  uggestive gesture. Lars rolled his eyes but snapped the photo onetheless. We then followed the narrow path that led further up hoping i ould be our destination.

"Did you see the dick on that one guy." I whispered to Martin as I walke ight behind him in the rear of the group.

"Yea." He whispered back in an excited tone. "Wonder if that was genuine o rtistic freedom."

"I don't care but I wouldn't mind getting plowed by a guy like that."  hispered grinning like a monkey.

"Making me feel a little inadequate here." He said playfully. I grinned an nug my hands around his hips fleetingly groping his balls and pressing m ick against his butt letting him feel how hard I was. None of the other aw it with their backs turned but still I could feel him squirm to avoi t. Still I could hear him sigh with desire as I touched him, even if i as against what I had promised.



The cool wind that blew over the small field that made up the highest poin f the island felt amazing as it blew over my naked body and caressed m xposed parts.

"Hey! Andre! Matt!" I called out as soon as I saw the two of them, one dar kinned nude figure sitting in the tall grass while the shirtless whit igure was using a palm leaf to get a pretty ambitious looking bonfire t atch on. A cage made of six long dry bamboo stalks was holding in a hug mount of dried leaves and piled up firewood. I tossed my bag in the gras nd strolled over to Matt whom were squatting next to his creation. He wa hirtless but wearing his shorts as usual. When he didn't answer my call,  laced my hands on each of his shoulders and leaned forward to watch.

"Having trouble?" I asked in a mildly teasing tone. He wasn't having a uch luck as he'd hoped with the fire, that was obvious. I looked out int he horizon where I could see two other islands. One close enough by to se he features of the landscape and another one further away but stil lainly visible. A single glance at the sun told me we had less than 4 inutes of sunlight left, and the shadow were already getting long.

"Do you just not have a personal bubble?" Matt said, with just a hint o rritation. Looking up at me from his position.

"What?" I asked. Genuinely not understanding what I'd done now.

"I can literally feel your dick on my shoulder." He said dryly. I perche y lips in sudden realization and quickly withdrew my pelvis.

"Sorry I forgot." I said, sincerely. I had actually forgotten that bein ude meant accidental dick touching might happen.

"It's ok. Just try to remember if you're going to walk around like that. e said, still irritably.

"Again, sorry. I just wanted to help you with the fire. When you make bi ires it's better to make small one first and then move it into the bi ire. But I'm pretty sure we can save this one in time."

I worked with Matt to get the fire going for a little while, adding mor asy burning stuff and make sure the fire got enough air. When it seemed t e working Matt's mood cleared up pretty quickly. We were still working o t when Seb and Martin asked me if I'd seen the statue.

Calling it a statue was almost an insult to the beautiful piece of art tha 'd somehow managed to miss before now. Maybe I'd only seen it in m eripheral vision and mistaken it for one of the real boys that were no ssembled around it. Lars was already taking pictures of it from ever ossible angle. While Sebastian, Jake, Martin and Thor were inspectin t. Even as the darkness approached, we could not for the love of lif igure out how the islanders had managed to make it.

As dusk set in the only light source was a brilliant flaming pyre of Matt' aking, the flame dancing high and sending little flying sparks up into th ir. As the air was getting colder, we all huddled in on the fire an repared a hasty dinner. Canned sausages were put on sticks which we'r eld into the fire by everyone.

"So according to the letter, we've claimed the island as our temporary hom ow, isn't that right?" Martin said. He and I was sharing a blanket sittin ext to each other. Undenounced to anyone else, I was nuzzling his abdome nd from time to time grazing his private parts with my hand. I even trie o jerk him of silently under the blanket, but he pushed my hand away wit o comment. I guess that was technically beyond the parameters of ou greement. Still I liked to feel the raw energy of his hard penis betwee y fingers.

"Yes, that's true. At least in the eyes of the islanders." Thor said. " onder who actually own the islands."

"They probably belong to some country, or maybe a company." Marti uggested.

"Or an eccentric rich guy." I suggested.

"Maybe. I just think it's weird that none of us have ever heard of thes slands before." Martin said, speculatively. He made a little jolt as  upped his balls gently under the blanket.

"Hey look over there." Matt said, his eyes turned towards the water, whic as nothing but a sea of darkness at this point. But there was tw xception out there. Two tiny specks of flickering lights were visibl ight where the other two visible islands had been when the sun was stil ut.

"The other islands!" Matt said. "They have bonfires too!" he sounde xcited as if he didn't remember that the letter from this morning had sai his would happen. It was still amazing. A little sign that around us ther boys and even girls were also stranded on their own little island ooking over at our bonfire.

"I wish we had binoculars with us up here." Matt said. "I can't believe yo orgot them."

"I'm sorry." Lars muttered, yawning mid-sentence.

"Matt!" Andre suddenly exclaimed. He'd been sitting with a blanket of hi wn, over his naked body, staring into the fire, but was now staring wid yed at Matt. A split second later I saw why.

"Your arms... you're... you're glowing!" Andre stammered as if he didn' elieve it.

It was true. As soon as Matt had stepped away from the firelight in orde o get a better look at the bonfires in the distance, spots of light ha tarted lighting up in a flurry of white patches on his skin. His bar hest was covered with them. And it only took me a second to see what i as. With glee I darted out of the warmth of the blanket at got to m eet. Then I stepped into the darkness next to Matt. The second I did so ll the little markings where Martin had made drawings on my skin all ove y naked body with the white paint, my skin lid up like it wa luorescent. It was unbelievable and I looked back at the others with bi ondrous eyes.

"It's the paint!" I said as if I'd just witnessed the. "The paint we mad s glowing somehow... how is this possible?" Nobody said anything or eve ried to answer my question at first. Suddenly everyone was scuttling an hrashing to free themselves of their blankets in order to join Matt an e.

Soon all of us were standing just outside of the radius of light from th onfire, glowing in the dark like giant fireflies staring at each othe ith awe. Sebastian's dragon painting that Jake had made was especiall mpressive. It's coiling body and tail twisting around his small nake ody. Jake on the other hand was still wearing Andre's t-shirt. Somethin he dark-skinned boy hadn't commented on if he'd noticed.

"I think it's the moon." Jake said, his voice more powerful than it usuall as. "look, it's only when my skin is uncovered." He pulled out the hem o he shirt showing that the paint that had covered his entire shoulder an hest, I remembered, didn't glow when it wasn't exposed to the outsid ir. Instinctively I looked up. The moon hung there in the sky a lways. It was glowing powerfully like it always did out here, it wasn' ven full now, yet it could still light up the night sky with the myriad o tars that could be seen. No, it wasn't every night.

"You're right!" I said. Realizing something. "Last night it was cloudy an aining. I think you are right it has to be the moon." Everyone stood ther or a long while then Seb said.

"Look! The statue is glowing too!" It was true. My eyes followed hi ointing finger and saw the statue glow just as brightly as w ere. Suddenly I heard Martin clap loudly next to me and I turned to loo t him.

"That's it. We can't just let a moment like this pass. Everyone take you lothes off so we can see your markings. Come on!" He ordered. "You to att. And Jacob get us some of that juice and some alcohol, we have to hav  toast to this."

For the first time Matt didn't argue or scowl at being told to stri own. Instead he nodded quietly and proceeded to undo the button in hi horts and letting them fall, exposing his heavy, slightly swollen cock t he chilly midnight air. I could clearly see his heavy ball sack shrivel  ittle in the cold and begin to tug up under the shaft. On the other hand ake looked weary at the prospect of stripping. It was not unexpected. H idn't seem to have a problem with us seeing his little dick and balls, bu ou never saw him without a shirt, which I'd always found weird. While  ound the bottle of alcohol and the fruit juice, I saw Sebastian whispe omething in Jake's ear. I didn't know what it was, but whatever he said i eemed to persuade Jake to disrobe. Hesitatingly and with his back turne o everyone but Sebastian he removed the t-shirt so he was only wearing th trange piece of underwear he had on. He didn't turn around befor ebastian had looked him up and down, and given him a thumbs up. His ches as absolutely magical to look at. It lit up so brightly it was impossibl o see anything but his flawless, if frail figure. Smiling weakly, h tarted to undo his underwear as well, exposing his cute dangling penis t he rest of is. It was the first time I'd seen him fully naked and it mad e stop and look for a second. Lars too was untying the belt he was wearin nd let the skirt of fabric fall to the ground. Everyone else were alread aked and ready for whatever Martin had planned. I poured fruit juice int  half empty bottle of vodka and sniffed it. The sweet unique scent of th ruit mixed with the tight smell of ethanol was uncanny.

When I went around the group pouring into everyone's respective mug, Jak eemed uneasy at the prospect.

"I don't know about this. I haven't had alcohol before." He said.  ouldn't help but smile and placed my hand reassuringly on his shoulder eeling the soft skin under it.

"Just a taste won't harm you, bud." I said and poured him a littl it. When everybody had a full glass, Martin held out his mug and said.

"To our island!" he said, in a booming official voice. "To complete freedo nd to our unquestioned friendship. May the Goddess of this Island bless u ll."

"Cheers!" Everyone said though some couldn't help but snicker. We all dran eeply from our cups. Jake and Seb immediately started coughing, and I to ad to choke it down. Maybe a one to one solution was a little too muc odka.

"Who is the Island Goddess?" Matt said teasingly. Andre's arm around hi houlders as I poured another round of drinks... after adding a lot mor uice to the mix. Martin didn't respond but simply send Matt a mysteriou mile.

"I'm getting really tired." Jake informed the group some time later. "Se nd I are going to sleep over there so you don't disturb us. Is that ok? e asked.

"Sure thing bro." Andre said. "I won't be long. Is anyone going to stay u nd look after the fire till it's burned down?"

"I'm not going to bed just yet." I said. Soon Jake, Seb, Matt, Andre an ars all unpacked a bunch of the blankets, under the light of their ow lowing bodies and set up sleeping arrangements under the stars on th ther side of the plateau.

"You coming?" Lars asked Thor, but Thor shook his head.

"I'll stay up a little while longer, if it's ok with you Sw... eh Lars." H eemed to get a little coughing fit at the end of his sentence.

"All right, goodnight." Lars said, lifting his hand in a tired gestur fter brushing it over Thor's hair in a weird way.

"This has been a weird day." Thor mumbled watching Lars' behind disappea n to the other side of the ledge only appearing when he stood to roll ou  few blankets.

"Yes, it has." I said, waggling my eyebrows at Martin who didn't see i ecause he was in the middle of a yawn, that he had no doubt contracte rom Lars.

"What?" Thor asked suddenly sharply but still in hushed tone.

"What?" I asked back, suspicious.

"What does this mean? Thor asked, waggling his eyebrows liked I'd jus one.

"Oh that..." I said. Side glancing to Martin. "That was..." I was quickl ut off when I felt Martins hand clamp down on my still pretty swolle enis under the blanket in a clear attempt to make sure I didn't say to uch.

"That's nothing. Just a lot of weird things going on today that's all.  ean we are glowing." I said, holding my arm down to prevent him from doin nything I'd regret.

"If you say so." Thor said looking weirdly at us.

"Tell us instead." Martin said, quickly changing the subject. I hastil icked up the leftover drinks and poured us all another round. Martin wa o longer holding my junk in a death grip, but he hadn't let g ither. "Did you show the shrine to Lars?" He asked.

Thor nodded. A sheepish smile stared to show on his face.

"Yea I did. Just after you told me it was ok." He said with a nod t artin.

"And..?" I asked, now curious at where this was going.

"And we took some pictures of the whole thing, the hot lady on the wall an he circle jerking boys..." Thor continued dampening his voice, probably s one of the sleepers could hear him.

"And then..." I lead on building the tension. I practically had to haul i ut of this guy.

"Ok, ok." Thor finally gave in. "I convinced him to do it. It wasn't tha ard when we both had a look at that painting." I could practically fee he boy blush, and covered it up by taking a big sip from hi everage. When he held the cup out for a refill, I didn't hesitate. My hea as already buzzing more than it should be but fuck it I was young an aked on an island full of cute boys. If there ever was a time to do stupi hings now would be it. Deviously smiling I watched him take another sip hen proceeded to sip from my own cup once again, resettling my hand aroun artin's junk after having used it to pour.

"You guys can keep a secret, right?" Thor asked sounding a little les oherent than he had half an hour ago.

"If I couldn't, you'd know I was playing with Martins dick under th lanket right now." I said, giggling at Martins flushed face and indignan lare at me, which I countered by pulling out on his foreskin causing hi o flinch just a little bit.

"I didn't... no." He said a little perplexed. "Maybe I shouldn't... It's  ittle difficult but I need to talk to someone about it."

"No... please tell us." Martin said. "We won't make fun of you I promise. e looked at me sternly for some reason.

"Don't look at me. You people have seen me masturbate with two fruits a he same time, I hardly have any leverage to judge what you do with Lars.  said, trying to sound innocent. Thor sighed and sat back, once agai ipping his cup.

"I kinda promised Lars I woudn't tell anybody. But I need to talk abou t..." He made a groaning sound of indecision and then looked back an orth between us. "I need to jerk off, do you guys want to jerk off?" h aid abruptly and looked around as if he was afraid of wolves or something.

I rose an eyebrow at this sudden request and change of tone. I had no xpected him to ask that question.

"If you tell me about what happened between you guys, I'll jerk you off fo ou." I said, grinning deviously and winking at him. "And I'll tell yo hat Martin and I did this morning."

"Hey!" Martin said, a little louder than I was comfortable with.

"Dude, it's only fair." I said back. "Come on. Let do it."

Leaning my head towards Martins shoulder I removed the blanket that wa overing Martins and my own naked bodies, revealing my hand having a tigh rasp on his member, slowly stroking it back and forth. Meanwhile Thor ha aken off his own blanket and was now absentmindedly stroking his own coc ight in front of us. I could feel my own dick pulsating as it had bee oing all evening aching to empty its contents with the touch of someon lse's skin.

"I meant what I said." I said when a few silent moments had passed, of m asturbating Martin and watching Thor.

"Oh..." Thor said, suddenly avoiding my gaze. "Sorry I can't always tell i ou're joking." I grinned but when he still hesitated, I rolled my eyes an added the empty space next to me. Finally, the buff dude understood I' een serious and scooted over.

"Hey if you're offering." He mumbled and laid down next to me, hi ody-paintings lighting up like a luminescent fish in the moonlight. Slowl  moved his hands over the nice chiseled abs I could feel under the tight kin of his abdomen, a shaky exhale left my mouth. Feeling the muscles of  ody like his made my heart flutter and my body shiver with sexua ension. As I slowly ran my fingers down his pubic area and gently aroun is shaft cupping the balls, he gave the tiniest little breath o xcitement. His balls were so different from Martins, in my other hand. Hi as pressing lightly against the skin of the sack, slowly pulling backward hile Martins had already settled far up under his shaft. Soon Martin ha lso laid down on my other side, hands behind his head while I was gentl assaging both penises, one in each hand. Relaxing, I laid down between th wo of them slowly but surely jerking both off.

"Now I just need one in my mouth and one in my butt and I can cross tha ff my bucket list" I whispered with humor in my voice. Both guys snickere rom either side of me.

"You can't possibly want to do that." Martin said, his hand nuzzling m air.

"Don't tell me you never dreamt of having a five-way." I said. "Now hold u our end of the bargain. Tell us what happened with Lars." I turned t hor. I few seconds of silence went by, where you could only hear the sof ounds of penises jerking off.

"Alright." Thor said finally exhaling after having held his breath. I wa aguely aware that Martin's hand was on my lap, itching its way unworthy.

"One of the first nights we were here we... we met each other on the beac hile he was photographing and we kind of ended up with him taking nud ictures of me." He started. "Don't ask how it got started but one thin ed to another and I ended up giving him a... you know..."

"A what? A kiss?" Martin asked.

"Yes... and a blowjob." He said, I could practically feel the embarrassmen n his voice.

"Nice job." I said. "Was it good?"

"He said so, he jerked me off too and that was really good. Ever since the e've kinda been playing around together, in our tent mostly. Then when  howed him the Shrine, we ended up taking more pictures like that.

"Any of them lewd?" I asked quickly, I was excited now. I could feel Marti ad finally reached my dick and was now playing with my balls.

"All of them lewd." He said.

"Please tell me he didn't delete them." Martin said.

"I doubt that." Thor said. "But I think you'll need to steal his camera t ee them. I don't think he'll show you, and please don't ask him. I don' hink he wants me to tell you this."

"Then what?" I asked.

"Well we jerked off together, into the crevice." Thor continued. "An hen... then he..."

I waited in silence, but he didn't make me ask.

"He asked me to be his boyfriend." He said. I stopped jerking both guys of hen he said that. That was not what I'd expected. I didn't know why; i as a perfectly reasonable thing for Lars to have asked. But I'd neve onsidered it.

"Did you... What did you say?" Martin asked.

"Yes... obviously." Thor said. "How could I say no." He trailed off  ittle bit.

"Well do you love him." Martin asked. Again, it took several long second or him to respond.

"I do... I do love him." Thor said. "But I'm... I'm nervous about it.  ean... how do you know for sure?"

"Eh... maybe I shouldn't be jerking you off if you have a boyfriend."  aid, with a tiny voice.

"No, it's ok." Thor said. "He made it clear it was an open relationship ut I still don't know what to do. Do you? I mean what do you do?"

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"I mean you two are together right? It's pretty obvious that you foo round."

"No." Martin and I said in unison.

"We're not boyfriends. We're just jerk-off buddies." Martin said, havin lso paused jerking me off.

"I think we can upgrade that to fuck-buddies." I said, resuming my doubl and job. "Given that you pounded my butt like a lion in heat thi orning."

"What? Seriously!" Thor said, sounding awed. "You guys had real sex?"

"Uh huh." I said. "Pretty great sex too, Martin is a real stud, definitel orth the sore ass afterward."

"I'm sorry about that." Now it was Martin's turn to be embarrassed. " idn't mean to be so rough."

"Wow... that's a lot to process." Thor said. "Is it... hard to do? Does i urt?"

"Asking for a friend?" I asked.

"Well, Lars said he wanted to do it. He wanted to really do it one of thes ays. But I'm very nervous about it." Thor confessed. "I don't know what t o or if it's safe."

"Did he say whether he wanted to fuck you... or?" Martin asked

"No... not... No, he didn't. I mean, the way he said it could mean... but  m not sure what exactly he meant." Thor rambled on.

"Well what do you want?" I asked.

"I... I don't know. I mean. I think I want to do the fucking, but up unti ecently I thought a lot of things. Now I have a boyfriend and I' onfused. I don't even know how to do butt sex properly. Does it even fee ood for the catcher?"

"Of cause it does." I said. "Male butts are made to be fucked, otherwise i ouldn't have a sweet spot."

"What?" Thor asked.

"The male butt has a g-spot. It's different from the one in a vagina bu t's there." I said. "You didn't know that?"

"No I didn't... that's. So, if I put something up there It's going to fee ood?"

"Yea." I said. "I can show you." I sat up next to him looking down into hi yes. Martin had also sat up halfway. He knew about this I was sure, bu till he seemed interested in what I was saying.

"Now?" He asked. "I can't see very much."

I snorted and grinned back at Martin.

"You don't have to. Lift your legs up and I can show you." I said scootin ver so I sat between his legs, but Thor sat up immediately.

"I don't want you to fuck me... I... We can play and jerk off but that' oing a little too far." He said hastily and quietly.

"Don't worry I wasn't planning on it." I said, placing my hand on his ches nd pushing him back down. "I just want to show you what I mean."

Thor behaved but still looked nervous, as I took the bottle of juice an oured a little over my fingers. Next to us, Martin was staring wide eyed asturbating himself at a moderate tempo.

"Lift your legs." I whispered and spread out his butt cheeks with my hand.

"Isn't that dirty?" He asked, but nevertheless spreading his leg bediently showing me his tight hole. I noticed how he had two handprin arkings on each butt cheek, and it made me snicker.

"I can wash my hands, now try to relax your hole." I said. Withou esitation I placed my lubed-up fingers against his little hole an assaged it lightly, just like I'd done to myself on occasion. As expected e immediately clamped his sphincter shut.

"Relax" I whispered making little circular motions with my fingers, soone r later he'd give me an opening. With my fingers lubed up I could hav asily forced the entrance, but this was a delicate matter. It was suppose o feel good. Finally, I felt him relax for just a moment, catching hi reath. At that moment I pressed my index finger through the hole an nside him. He gasped at the sudden feeling of having something insid im. A feeling I knew and loved all too well myself.

"That feels weird." He whispered, a slight whimper of vulnerability in hi oice. I could feel every little shiver in his body through my finger.

"Keep relaxing." I said, moving my finger a little bit inside him. The fter a little bit of silent only broken by Martins furious masturbating,  ared to introduce another finger, pulling out a little and sneaking th ext one in with his next natural relaxation. He gasped once again as  ressed both fingers inside him.

"Does it hurt?" I asked.

"Not really." Thor said. "Just feeling very... Full" I made a reassurin ound and slowly pressed my fingers in deeper, curling my fingers a littl it upward towards his front. Then finally I felt it, the little tight kno  was looking for. As soon as I made contact with it and applied a littl ressure Thor squirmed and a drop of presumably white fluid ran down th ength of his very hard cock.

"Feel that?" I asked. "That is your prostate. It makes ejaculate fluid an t's responsible for making your cum shoot out when your body contracts."  timulated the prostate again making him squirm under me. Martin was stil ooking on in fascination. With a little smile directed at him I graspe hor's dick with my free hand and started jerking him off, while at th ame time rubbing his sweet spot with the two fingers I had insid im. Keeping my fingers like that was actually hard work which sored up th uscles in my lower arm quickly, but Thor didn't hold out for long. Bitin own hard so he didn't make a sound he came hard very quickly. I could fee is hole tighten and relax around my fingers in quick succession. Somethin  imagined would feel incredible around my dick if it had been i here. Then my other hand quickly got covered in a large amount of we unny cum spewing from Thor's penis all over himself. When he finall inished, I easily extracted my fingers and turned to wash them with wate nd soap from one of our bags.

"Holy fuck... that was... good." Thor said. His body relaxing in th rass. I could practically feel the tensions leaving his body through th ound of his breathing and his body posture. Martin was still jerking of n the blanket next to him, although his movements were slow and clearl talling for momentum rather than going for effect.

"I can show you how to do it, it's not that hard." I said, still hushed an hispering. With my fingers cleaned off I laid back down between the two o hem "It makes the prospect of bottoming a little less scary, don't yo hink."

"A little." Thor agreed. "It's nice to know it can feel good. Is it weir f I'm actually a little excited about it too?"

"It's how I've always felt about it, till I tried it." I said. I scooted i ext to Martin and put my arm around his shoulders, while I carefully prie is penis out of his hand and took over the massaging of his impossibl irm member. With a sigh he pressed his mouth against mine and started t assionately kiss me. I could feel Thor's eyes on us from behind me an ear his heavy, spend breathing next to me. A few very long and blissfu oments passed by while the two of us kissed and massaged each other' enises. He wasn't jerking me off as much as he was holding both my dic nd balls in his hands and grinding his hand against them, so I felt th riction. I too had taken a minimalist approach and taken his shaft into m and, jerking him off by squeezing a little so his foreskin slid back an orth. When we broke the kiss, Thor's breathing behind me had change haracter.

"Sounds like our resident jock has fallen asleep." I whispered. At the sam ime pressed the head of his penis against my own that he was holding. Th ot breath of his deep sigh on my face told me he liked it. "We should pu  blanket on him." He said, his whisper shaking still.

"When we're done here." I said, kissing him on the mouth.

"You up for a quick peek inside?" he asked sheepishly, after all we'd don ogether, he was still shy about it. A trait I had to admit I found ver ute and attractive.

"Only if it's in you." I said. "I'm still way too sore, tomorrow maybe." H ighed this time from disappointment, not from pleasure. I kept rubbing ou ick heads together, feeling the tingling in my groin traveling up m pine.

"I promise you'll get to do it. But it's a little late for that kind o xperiment. What if I scream?"

"If you don't, I'm not doing it right." I said. "I'm going to hold you t hat." He snickered and we kissed again.

"Then how about this?" He whispered. I felt a tug on the blanket we wer oth laying on and two of us rolled around together. Wrapped in the blanke ike a big burrito face to face. His warm sweaty body pressed tightl ressed against mine. His entire weight on top of me. But most of all hi ick pressing down in the crevice between my dick and my lef high. Equally important was mine in the same position on him. He had th pper hand, both by being on top and by being the only one of us whose arm ere free. He braced himself with his elbows on either side of my head an an his fingers through my hair as he kissed me deeply. All I could do wa o place my hands on his hips and feel the big muscles work as he starte umping and gyrating, Not just his hips but his whole body. It wasn't th ame as him being inside me, but the feeling of a warm masculine body o op of me, taking me, was exhilarating. I surrendered to the sensation mmediately. When Martin got into it and let himself be the dominant one i as the sexiest thing I'd ever experienced. Sexier than the time I' ecretly masturbated in class. In our abstinence only sex education clas o less. It was sexier than any kind of domination porn I'd eve een. Oddly enough domination porn wasn't really my thing anyway, but thi as different.

"God damn it." I whispered between clenched teeth. I could tell he wa lose to cumming so if I had to say it was now or never. I felt him slo own as he looked down on me, confused. He didn't stop moving completel hough.

"What?" He said

"Just do it!" I said. "You know you want to." I lifted my legs up as far a  could with the tight blanket, to show him what I meant. He snickered an lanted a kiss on my forehead.

"No, not if you're still sore." He whispered back.

"But..." I began but he cut me off.

"Tomorrow, if you feel like it." He said. He smothered my protest with  iss and started humping me again. I fell in with the movement and foun he rhythm easily. I felt his shaft between my thighs and his soft ball ouch mine, my shaft in the little folds of skin that was made up hi roin. Finally, I let myself cum my orgasm so intense I forgot the worl xisted. I didn't cry out just smothered my groan in Martins shoulder as  eld him close with every limb I had. I could feel every pump of sperm fro y dick but didn't feel the wetness of it on my skin before the last wea ump. By then Martin was in the middle of his own finish. I could feel i n the way his body was convulsing. He didn't stop humping me, he didn' old me in close he just kept moving as if felt his hot fluid soak m roin. Gradually his humping subsided, and we were left gasping on top o ach other. We had both made a valiant effort to stay silent. Finally artin opened his eyes and looked into mine. I couldn't help but snicker a is almost bamboozled facial expression. We both broke out in a hushe augh, and Martin rolled off me, exposing my glittering body to the evenin ir, once again setting my tribal marking alight.

"Didn't expect to see that happening tonight." A voice said. Coming from m ther side. The noise startled me, and I spun a little too quickly, causin y soaked and still half erect dick to slam comically against my pubi rea. Martin too sat up, suddenly alarmed. Then he looked down at Thor' ide eyes and grinning face. His muscular body turned towards us glowing i he moonlight and his chiseled stomach still glistening with drying cu rom earlier.

"Did we wake you?" I asked, sheepishly. I was feeling a little embarrassed hich Thor had only made me feel once before when he and Martin caught m ith a fruit up my ass.

"Fucking right next to my ear? No not at all." His sarcasm was thick bu mused, I could feel myself blush, good thing it was night out here and th nly light came from the bonfire and the moon.

"We didn't actually fu..." Martin started.

"I know I heard." Thor said. "Are you sure you two aren't dating?"

"Yea." Both Martin and I said, both puzzled but a little out of synch.

"Alright." Thor said, sitting up with an almost theatrically amount o kepticism in his voice. "It's just a lot of chemistry between two guys wh ren't dating, that's all I'm saying." He got to his knees and duste imself off, drying the cum off of his body with a corner of our blanket.

"Well, I'm gonna go spoon with my boyfriend. Sleep tight. He said befor lanting a quick kiss on my forehead and heading off towards the plac here the others were sleeping. Both of us watched his muscular butt wal way. I noticed that the two handprint-markings that was lighting up in th oonlight looked a lot like the hands someone was blowing him from th ront.

"I am such an idiot." Martin said as he laid back next to me on the blanke nd sighed deeply with exasperation.

"Oh, come on." I said, scooting in next to him and pulling the blanket fro is side over us both so it was folded in half and acted both as a duve nd as a sheet. I laid my head on his arm as he put it around me. "Haven' ou ever fantasized about being watched."

"Not really... it's embarrassing. Being seen when I'm getting so much int t." He said, I couldn't help but laugh loudly at this. So loudly tha artin had to shove his hand over my mouth to stop me.

"Don't ever stop being so Canadian, Martin." I said, kissing him on th heek and snuggling in close to him. I could feel he wanted to protest an as glad he didn't. I felt asleep to the sound of his breathing, with th cent of Martin and cum in my nose, and the touch of his warm bare skin o y body.

[Tags: Masturbation, fingering, frottage.]

