Date: Wed, 23 Dec 2020 22:18:58 +000 rom: Human Man <gladly11@hotmail.com ubject: Island, Chapter 13

Hello and happy whatever holdiday you celebrate. This chapter is a favorit f mine and releasing it today is a special Christmas gift for my fans ou here.


Disclaimer: This story is free fantasy, nothing in it ever happened and al haracters are made up and do not resemble any real person, living or dead.

This story includes a whole lot of irrisposible behaviour, and I do no ondone any of it. Including but not limited to: Sexual behaviour betwee ales younger than 16 years old, underaged drinking, nudity, swearing ublic urination, leaving teenagers unsupervised on a unspecfically locate ninhabited island, pop-culture references, compleate and utter disregar or STD prevention, some stuff you really shouldn't do with a camera ating or otherwise inserting into yourself unfamiliar fruits you find i ature, an (at this point) unhealthily lax attitude towards hyginge, an ad jokes.

I kindly remind you that I am a stranger on the internet and anything yo ead is on your own risk.

If you like this story and feel like donating, you can. Not to me, I am  epraved person who writes erotic fiction with something that vaguel esembles a plot and then jerk off to the result. No, donate to Nift nstead, cuz they are great. There is a link for that here ttp://donate.nifty.org/

Lastly, I like the idea of adding Tags to a story so people know what the an expect to jerk off to, but I also find them to often be spoiling th tory a little. With that in mind I have decided to put these at the botto f the page, so if you need tags they can be found there.



Chapter 13: Matt - June 15th Night

"I know you said they were going to think it's weird if we disappear tw ights in a row." I said as Andre and I were brushing our teeth, by th lastic bag with drinking water that was hanging from my ten ost. Everyone was more or less getting ready for bed, except the ones tha ere already sleeping. Jake and Sebastian had decided to sleep on th each, which honestly sounded like a good idea. I was actually lookin orward to having the tent to myself. I had still not decided if I stil anted to keep wearing the loincloth, or if I wanted to go back t horts. I didn't think I'd hear the end of it if I went back to swimmin ith shorts again, so I'd pretty much come to peace with the fact that eve he new guys would be skinny dipping with us from now on.

It also helped that I was not the only one struggling with my sexualit mong us. I'd imagine it was easier for straight guys to bold around nake ogether.

"I just don't think it's a good idea." Andre said. "Last time was  ittle... impulsive. I don't know what came over me."

"But you liked it." I said. "You said you did." My voice was muffled by th oothbrush in my mouth.

"Dude, you gotta understand. I ain't gay. I don't know what came over m ast night, but suddenly we're doing it right there." Andre paused to spi ut the toothpaste. "And then, it's the best sex I ever had. I just need t igure this out before I decide to do anything with you again."

"I know." I said. "I just really liked what we did, and I don't want it t top."

"It's also to protect your feelings." I felt his hand on my shoulder. " are about you, and I don't want to give you the wrong impression."

"I don't know what impression I'm supposed to have." I said, his words mad e feel empty. "I don't expect you to be my boyfriend or anything. I jus ant you to be my friend."

"Hey, you'll always have that." He said. "I value you and that's why I wan o make sure I really do want a male lover or if it was just a heat of th oment thing."

"It wasn't a heat of the moment thing." I mumbled. "No sex is that amazin nd is just heat of the moment." I knew full well I didn't know what I wa alking about, but it felt right.

"I know." Andre said. "Goodnight." He gave me a hug. I lingered a littl it and brushed my hand against his side when we broke contact. Then  atched his naked backside as he went over to his own tent and crawle nside. I sighed. Why had he suddenly flipped on his back about this.  ould understand not being in the mood for sex, maybe it was just that.

I was about to crawl into my own tent, but hesitated. Then I went over t ndre's tent and padded the doorway. Andre zipped open the entrance an ooked out.

"Listen... it's gonna sound weird but can I sleep in here tonight? You'r ight I don't think we should have sex, but I do wanna jerk off and I wan o do it with you." I spoke in a low voice, so that the others wouldn' ear us.

Andre looked a little quizzical, so I chose to elaborate.

"We did have sex, and maybe it was ill advised, I can't say. But befor hat we masturbated together, and we had the best talk of our lives. I fee ike we can open up when we do that, and I think this is the kind of thin here a jerk talk is the only way of getting everything cleared up.

"Andre said nothing but zipped up the zipper all the way and leaned bac nto the tent, so that I could enter.

Like my tent, items were scattered everywhere. But the middle was dominate y two different sleeping mats, and a set of sleeping bags. Jake had take is pillow with him to the beach, but I just rolled up his sleeping bag i he head end and used that. It was too hot outside even in the evenings, t leep inside them and they were too awkward to sleep under. It was too dar o see much but I could see the dark silhouette if Andre next to me.

I was already hard, so I started tugging on my dick at a steady pace.  ould hear that Andre was doing the same.

"Are you afraid that you might actually be gay?" I asked. "I know you sai ou weren't, but I find it hard to believe that you aren't attracted t uys at all."

"I don't know if I'm scared of it." Andre replied, he was whispering. "U ntil yesterday, I hadn't even considered it a possibility, ya' know what  ean. I slept with girls and I always liked doing that."

I started to relax, as I felt the little jolts of pleasure in my body fro y masturbation. For the first time I didn't wish I had something in m utt while doing this. This was about comfort and openness more than abou etting off. Somehow there is nothing more comfortable for a guy than t iddle with his own penis.

"I mean, I'd sometimes see a nice butt on a guy, like in the locker roo nd think. 'Damn, that's a sweet ass.'" He continued. "But I'd neve onsider actually fucking one... not really."

"But do you really think you have to give up on dating girls, just becaus ou discovered that you like boys too?" I asked. "It sounded to me lik ndre was a clear case of newly discovered bisexuality."

"Nah, I don't think that'll happen." Andre said. "But..."

"But what?" I asked.

"Matt you were a better fuck than any girl I ever slept with." H aid. "And it's not just 'cause it was in the butt. You made me feel lik here were nothing you wanted more than to be fucked my me."

I was a little speechless by this, so I just let Andre continue.

"The way you found the rhythm, and the way you almost knew beforehand wher  like to be touched. And the fact that you came a little bit each time  lunged in there... I mean, fuck, I'd be happy if a girl was just doing 1  of that."

"I... I... didn't know..." I said. "I mean, yes it was good... it wa eally good."

"No... it was fantastic." Andre said. "I mean you were so into it; I can' ven imagine how much you must have liked getting plowed like that."

"That's why I want to do it again." I said. "Andre, I don't think you lik uys better than girls. I just think that you and I... we're ver ompatible. You get what I mean?"

"Yea I get what you're saying." He said.

"You've had sex with... I don't know how many girls... four... five?"

"I'd like to think it's more than that... I started early." Andre said uddenly sounding a little sheepish.

"I'll be the first to admit, that I'm not an expert. I've never slept wit  girl and I've never wanted to." I said, still talking softly. I was onl assaging myself slightly. "But I know for a fact that us doing it, ca nly be a good thing. And if we don't do it, we'll miss out on so much."

"I know that." Andre said. I felt his stop tugging on his dick and rol ver next to me. His breath was in my ear, and I noticed his dick poke m ap just once, probably by accident. "But you have to promise me that i tays between us. The others can't know. Not even Lars can know we kep oing it."

I nodded in the darkness.

"Of cause." I whispered. Then I felt his lips touch mine, and his han aressing my chest. My hand moved down towards his groin and found what  as looking for. I cupped his balls and the lower part of his shaft. H esponded by grinding on my hand and let out a sigh though his nose.

"Do you think the others will hear us?" I whispered. I didn't want to ge p, but I didn't want anyone to hear either."

"Probably." Andre said softly. "Let's get out of here."

Andre stuck his head outside the tent and seemed to be looking around fo ny nightly wanderers. Everyone had gone to bed, but you never knew i nyone had gone out to pee. When he knew the coast were clear, we quickl ade our way from the tent to the tree line, where the many strands o amboo reached for the dark sky. There was almost no light, so we had t avigate much by memory. I felt my swollen dick skip and jump with m teps. Walking around naked and with a boner outside was still a strang eeling to me. I snatched the bottle of fruit juice that I had left on th able earlier. It was almost empty but with this stuff we wouldn't nee uch. I felt a little like a criminal doing this. We could hear muffle oices from Martin and Jacob's tent, so we went in a great arc around i efore disappearing into the wilderness. Since I knew the route the best,  ead the way with a tight grip on Andre's clammy hand. I couldn't tell i e was excided or nervous. I sure was feeling both. The thought of bein enetrated again was exhilarating. My heart bumped louder than ever when  inally glimpsed the rock in the clearing. I only got to gather myself fo  second before Andre spun me around and kissed me again, one hand behin y head and the other one with his fingers splayed between mine.  urposefully grinded my pelvis against his, the two dicks moist with precu ubbing against each other. I dropped the bottle and moved my hand aroun rasping on to his big butt muscle, feeling it in my hand. I felt him pus orward making me take several steps backwards till my butt was planted o he smooth, cool rock. My fingers moved between the cheeks and found th uckering hole between them. I knew Andre was the one who were supposed t lay with my hole, but I was curious and caught up in the moment.

"What are you doing?" Andre asked between huffs of excitement. He sounded  it concerned.

"Showing you a bit of what you are missing." I whispered back. Andre sen e a worried look, biting his lower lip. I leaned up and kissed him.

"Don't worry. It's just a taste." I whispered. I went back to making ou ith him, while gently massaging his hole with one hand. Andre were no ubed up at all, but I had done this to myself so many times.

"That feels so weird." Andre said, moaning.

"Lie down and enjoy it. We've got all night." I said back. I got up an rabbed the fruit juice. The slippery liquid was perfect as lube, and Andr as really tight down there. He had laid down on his back with both feet o he edge of the stone, so that the knees were elevated. He looked nervous.

After pouring a little bit on my fingers. I brushed my hand along his inne high and further in between his legs, slightly touching his heavy bal ack on the way. With my mouth I kissed the skin of his belly, just abov is cock, taking in the scent of him. I licked all the way from just belo is navel and as far up his chest I could reach. A small jolt went throug is body when my fingers came into contact with the hole again and starte assaging it.

"Oh, fuck this feels weird." He uttered, between small shivers. I wasn' ure if it was pleasurable shivers or if it was the anxiety. I slowl tarted inserting a finger. Andre tightened his butt immediately, but wit he lube my finger slid in pretty easily.

"Relax... don't tighten." I said softly. My other hand was gently caressin is abdomen and chest. Andre heaved and squirmed a bit. He didn't have muc uck with relaxing his hole, so I gave him a while to get used to it, wher  just kissed and caressed his body before I started moving the finge nside him. I knew exactly what I needed to touch to make myself groan wit leasure, and I wondered if I could find the same spot inside Andre. A oon as I touched it, Andre squirmed and huffed.

"Fuck...!" Andre managed to say between clenched teeth as I massaged th pot again. Thrilled that Andre had been easier to please like this, than  ad thought. I started to move my finger over the spot again an gain. This made him squirm and scratch the rock with his fingers. Spurre n I inserted another finger. It went in pretty easily, but it made Andr cream.

"Stop... I can't take it." Andre said between breaths. Then he moane oudly, and I felt a squirt of liquid hit the side of my head, just  ingle jet.

"What the fuck." He said. "What was that?"

"I think I made you squirt." I said, grinning at him. I pulled out m ingers and ran them over Andre's body again while he recovered from m rostate massage.

"How did you do that... that felt amazing." He huffed.

I laid up next to him, while he was catching his breath, and starte issing and nipping on his ear.

It took a little while for Andre to recover. In the meantime, we jus njoyed and explored each other's bodies. In trot with Andre's recovery h lowly and methodically took over the active role and crawled on top of m ressing me down below his body lightly moving his hips so our privets go ushed together.

"You ready for it?" He said softly into my ear. My only response was a ffirming moan. While Andre reached for the bottle I lifted and spread m egs, my heart racing with anticipation. I felt a cold drop of liquid ru n between my butt cheeks, whereupon Andre used the tip of his cock t pread it, poking at the hole. I instinctively relaxed and felt how I wa tretched out as Andre slid slowly up inside me. I moaned as the pressur nside of me build up. It took less than two seconds for Andre to be al he way inside. My body shuttered and a little squirt of liquid escaped th ip of my penis and landed on my stomach.

With slow and methodic movements, Andre started humping, moving back an orth. I found the rhythm easily. With every thrust my body tingled.  oaned and huffed. My eyes were locked with Andre's, his face showing th tmost bliss. After a minute or so Andre started increasing the tempo  ittle by little. I felt how my insides were stimulated, the dick rubbin gainst my sweet spot. My own dick started spewing small jets of liqui ith every thrust, and every time it did so, I felt a tremor of pleasure.

It was over before I really wanted it to be. I came first. The buildup o leasure was suddenly impossible to hold back, and the orgasm explode hrough my body. My cum quickly soaked the space between Andre and me, al he way up to my chest. When my vision returned, I was looking into th rown eyes of the beautifully hot boy inside me. With every rocking motio is face came a little closer, before going back. But his eyes staye ocked with mine. I had one hand on his butt, feeling how the muscl ontracted every time he thrusted into me. My other hand was around hi aist. His skin was so soft there. We didn't kiss, we just stared sensuall nto each other's eyes as he took me. His horny huffs of breath escapin is wide nostrils. I noticed that a few raindrops were landing around u scaping from the leafy roof above. I was reminded that we were outside hielded from the elements making love under in a circle of pure prima ature. I suddenly understood how sacred of an act this was. How two peopl ould create so much sacred pleasure out of just being naked together, on nside the other. For a second, I almost wished he could impregnate me, bu he bizarre thought quickly left me. Just as it did, Andre leaned forwar o much that he sank as deep inside me as he possibly could. His nose wa ust lightly touching mine, as he exhaled softly and longingly. He cam nside me with so many shots, it was impossible to keep track. I just fel very little jet shoot up into me filling me with his substance. Hi ovement stopped and he was just holding himself inside of me for a while.

"Wow." I said softly still catching my breath. I got a snicker back from m over, still riding the post intercourse high. He was still inside me, no anting to pull out, even when he was starting to become soft. We made ou  little bit, until he finally pulled out of me, slowly. My butt felt empt ithout him, and I felt how is cum started leaking out onto the surfac elow me.

"Sorry if I came inside." Andre said. He sat up next to me, while I staye here I was. My legs still spread out, to let the liquid pour out b tself. The dark-skinned guy was playing with the gooey liquid on m tomach, nuzzling around my belly button.

"Don't apologize." I said, softly. "That was amazing." I sat up next to hi  could feel how the shift in gravity made the liquid fall downwards insid e. I leaned in towards him and kissed his big soft libs.

"I still can't believe that a you can cum... from just being fucked...  ean as a guy..."

"I know, it's almost like it's... I don't know... meant to be."  ondered. "You have no idea how good it feels." He smirked at my las emark.

"Well, do you think you can show me how you did that thing with my butt? ndre asked. " before I met you, I never knew that, butt stuff actuall elt good. I just thought it was, you know... a substitute for not having  ussy, when gay guys did it."

"And how do you feel about it now?" I asked.

"Are you suggesting what I think you're suggesting?" Andre said, suddenl ooking at me like I was planning something devious.

"I'll gladly teach you how to find your prostate and pleasure yourself."  aid quickly. "I won't ask you to trade positions... truth be told I don' ven know if I'd like fucking someone... my butt always felt so muc etter... and the idea of topping..." There was silence for a little while he notion hanging in the air between us.

"Not that I'd disagree, but it seems like a waste... you've got a prett ice-looking cock, you know that right?" Andre said, his hand was on top o ine, squeezing it.

"Yea, so you've said." I muttered. "Do you actually want to do tha hough?" I asked.

"I'll think about it." Andre said, clearly not quite comfortable with th dea, but not wanting to dismiss it entirely.

"Tomorrow... show me how you did it with your fingers, then... I'll se hat I think of the idea. We should get back though; we can't stay out al ight again."

"He held out his hand and dragged me to my feet too. A little bit of cu mmediately started leaking out of me, and I instinctively puckered up t ry and prevent it. I'd have to figure out a way to deal with that problem t some point.



The following morning, I woke up alone in my own tent, with no nud ebastian next to me. Instead I was the nude one. It didn't even surpris e when I looked down my body in the tinted light from the su utside. Andre and I had kissed goodnight at the edge of camp and gone t ur respective tents. I'd asked him if he wanted to cuddle in mine, but h aid it was better if we slept separate, so nobody would suspect a thing.  espected that.

I felt the pair of used underwear I had rolled up and tugged between m utt cheeks to absorb what might have flown out doing the night. Andre ha eposited a huge amount of seed inside me last night which had trickled ou ittle by little. I was pretty sore in my entire pelvis area from Andre' ovemaking two nights in a row. Maybe I should take a brake tonight ssuming the fucking we did was turning into a nightly affair. Maybe  ould try to suck his dick instead. I hadn't tried that before and mayb e'd let me. It was strange to think of a blowjob as the "Next step" fro nal sex. But to me it was a much more intimate to put his dick in m outh, than in my butt. I'd always thought of blowjobs as an appreciativ hing you'd do for someone that you revered or valued, while fucking wa omething two people did together in mutual enjoyment. I took th um-stained underwear out of my ass crack, put them in the clothes bag, an ooked for a fresh pair. When I found a pair, I put them on, but found the ncomfortably constricting. My butt, balls and cock were so sore an ensitive that wearing the underwear was like strapping it all down with  iece of chainmail. I looked for my swim shorts, but they were outside, an ot very comfortable for wearing all day. Unwilling to go naked I finall ettled for the loincloth I'd been wearing last night, doing ou hotoshoot. If I pulled the part that went between my legs, down a littl he fabric would only glance my genitals and I'd barely feel it. I wa retty sure someone would see some side-ball once in a while, but it wa etter than going naked. I complimented my outfit with an old Slaye -shirt I'd no idea why I owned. But it was baggy and modern, and made m eel like less of a weird caveman, even though the cotton irritated m ipples a bit. I told myself it was just because I'd been shirtless in th un for too long and my nether region would regain its normal sensitivenes hen I'd had a break from the constant butt sex I was having. After all 'd been a virgin for 16 years and suddenly I'd been fucked three times b wo different guys. Was I turning into a real slut?

The weather was surprisingly mild this morning. The sun was hidden behin louds and even though it was still probably 30 degrees in the shade M kin wasn't bombarded with solar radiation. A lonely round, underwear cla igure was sitting in the sand eating cereal out of a camping cup an lipping through something that was either a book, or a magazine.

"Good... morning." I said, my greeting cut in half by a yawn. Lars looke p, smiling at me with a little bit of pasteurized milk running down hi heek, quickly caught by his hand as he wiped his mouth. The chubby boy wa eading a book, that looked to be non-fiction.

"What are you reading?" I asked. Squatting down next to him squeezing hi houlder in a fashion that I felt was a little more than jus omradely. Why the hell did I do that?

Lars didn't seem to mind but shoved the last spoonful of cereal in hi outh before discarding the cup in the sand, and picking up the book.

"It's a book about the indigenous people, I found in the shed." Lar nswered, holding up the thick, tightly typed book. It actually looked mor ike a thesis of some kind than an actual book. It had no pictures and th ook looked so much like one of those impossibly boring and weird book ou'd find in an old distinguished man's house for decoration rather tha or actual reading.

"Looks pretty dry, to be honest." I said. "Found anything interesting?"

"Only a little bit about their culture, such as how they lived and wha hey ate." He said. "As you said, it's pretty hard to read. The mos nteresting part was that each of these islands are unique in their ow ay, and none of them had all the resources the tribe needed so they'd g rom Island to Island on rafts, or even swimming." Lars explained.

"That's pretty cool. What about this island then?" I asked, suddenl nterested.

"No idea." Lars said. "The islands don't have names - or at least the idn't when this was written..." He flipped to the front page and looked a he date of print.

"... In 1952" He finished. "At least that explains some of the les lattering words the author uses for the indigenous people."

"What does he call them?" I asked.

"I'd rather not say, but it's racist." Lars said and slammed the book an urned to me.

"I'll leave it here if you wanna have a look, but it's largely just  escription of savage and... Immoral primitive behavior, as the author put t. But enough about that, you seem like you like the lifestyle." H rinned and eyes me up and down. "At least you like the loincloth."

I grinned as well, and sat down, making a face when my sore bottom made a bjection.

"I find it comfortable." I said. "It airs out those parts without leavin e feeling naked."

"I can see your nuts, dude." Lars chugged and pointed as I spread my leg ut. I looked down and true enough you could see them between my lap an he loincloth when I sat like this.

"Yea, but I don't 'feel' naked which is the important part." I said.

"I know what you mean. I actually like not having to care about that ou ere, but I don't wanna have my junk flopping around all the time, lik omeone I could mention. I assume you had a really fun night with Andre. e added, just throwing it in like an afterthought.

"What... no... we didn't." I lied, in a very unconvincing tone.

"Really? I thought you two would be sneaking off to hump somewhere. Aren' ou kinda... together or something?" He asked. I quickly turned my head t ook at the hammock. Thor's sleeping body was still in it.

"Dude, Thor is right there." I whispered harshly. "Don't talk so loud."

"He's sleeping." Lars grinned. "Trust me I checked that boy can slee hrough anything."

"Don't tell me you've been taking pictures of him and the others again."  aid. "You can't be doing that when they don't know."

"No." Lars said indignantly. "I promised I wouldn't take pictures of peopl hen they don't know I'm doing it. It's robbing me of my best shots hough."

"How come?" I asked. "What's the difference?"

"Everyone is more photogenic when they don't know they're bein hotographed." Lars said. "When they don't know they don't force it out o tiffen up. Taking a good shoot is the photographer's job, not the subject ob."

"Still you can't just take pictures of people that don't want it specially not when they're naked."

"I know... he already said he didn't mind." Lars grumbled defensively an rossed his arms.

"Well... I don't mind at least." Andres voice suddenly sounded behind me.  raned my neck and saw his grinning face looking down at us. This mornin he dark-skinned boy was wearing only a white tank-top, but was otherwis ottomless. His cock was hanging heavily between his legs, very close to m ace.

"'Morning." I said and stood up to greed him. I accepted a fleeting kis rom him, but not without sending a side glance towards the hammock wher hor was still sleeping. It surprised me. Last night Andre had made i lear he didn't want anyone to know. Had he changed his mind or was he jus ess paranoid now.

"I knew you two was getting all, lovey dovey." Lars snickered. "Mind if  hotograph that?"

"Yea, a little." I said.

"What's on the program today?" Andre asked. I was very aware that he had a rm around my shoulders. A mix of conflicting feeling was rushing in my gu t the skin contact, especially from a guy whose cock was hanging ver rominently between his legs.

"No idea, I hope it's something as fun as yesterday." Lars said. "I go ome really great pictures and dressing up was pretty fun too. He sent  leeting, warm glance at the sleeping Norse boy in the hammock. Stil overed in the markings from yesterday.

"Have you noticed that the paint hasn't quite washed out?" Andre said. H ointed to the white streaks on my arms where he had painted them las ight.

"It's some pretty effective paint." Lars said, studying his own left-ove ecorations. His had fallen off in flakes, doing the night and had lef ome slightly visible marks on his skin.

"Maybe it is just tanning." Lars suggested. "It shows cuz we don't ta here we have paint."

"We have only been wearing it for a night." I pointed out.

"And I don't tan." Andre said. The white markings were much more visible o is dark skin, than on either Lars or me.

"Hmm... point. I guess it will wash out eventually." Lar aid. "Anyway. Can we open the letter now? I want to know what we have t o."

"Everyone has to wake up first." I said. "I don't want to do it whil eople are sleeping. It's supposed to be a teamwork exercise. "

"I can't wait till everyone gets out of the sheets." He whined. "I can't g ff and have fun like you two." He blinked at me, and I blushed.

"Fun like what now?" A drowsy voice sounded behind me. Thor's face omplete with morning hair, and squinting eyes was glancing up at us fro he hammock.

"Nothing!" I said, a little too quickly. "Did you sleep well?"

"Like a baby, but It's hard with you people bickering." Thor restored. H idn't sound bitter, so I didn't take it as a scalding. He didn't get up ut just leaned back down and groaned, while dragging the blanket close round him.

"You can't possibly be cold?" He asked.

"It's not cold. It's at least 20 degrees." Lars said. "I'm getting too use o tropical temperatures then, I'm gonna freeze my dick off when I ge ome." He did sound a little sour, maybe he was hung over or something.  ouldn't even remember if anyone had been drinking last night. Jacob stil ad vodka, I knew that much.

"Lars can you go down to the beach and see if the geek duo is up?" Andr aid. "Otherwise I'm just gonna eat something, I'm starving."

"What are they doing on the beach?" Lars asked.

"They slept down there." I said. "Thor wasn't the only one who decided t leep outside."

"Neat." Lars said, and took off towards the beach.

"That guy is hard to figure out." Andre said, turning to watch th alf-naked chub run towards the water on bare feet.

"Meh, he's a chill guy." Thor said, clumsily getting out of the hammock.  oticed his very obvious morning wood through the loose fitting boxers bu idn't comment on it. The other guys had been right. I wasn't the only on ho got boners. The buff guy yawned again as he got to his feet.

"I'm gonna make a sandwich if anyone want one." Andre said, and turned t he food storage. I noticed that Thor looked after him and caught his eyes.

"Nice to see our new guys have embraced our freedom." Thor said, as h tarted doing some stretching. I sat in the sand watching him, whil bsentminded drawing in the sand with my finger.

"He's already more comfortable walking around like that, than you are." H ontinued. "You guys haven't had your morning swim yet, have you?"

"Not yet no." I said. "And I'm not uncomfortable, I just don't think it' ppropriate."

"Chill out." Thor said. "It's just my way of asking how you're doing. Th oys haven't pestered you with it since yesterday, right?"

"No, not really. But Martin more or less thinks wearing clothes i lasphemy now. I can't imagine where he got that idea." I said. I felt lik e and Jacob had been nude with almost zealot-like insistence. As if th ery idea of wearing clothes on this island was preposterous.

"I do." Thor said. The boy started to do some warmup exercises, as if h as about to do some Pilates or something.

"What?" I asked. But Thor suddenly seemed to regret what he'd just said.

"I really don't know if I should tell you. I think they kinda want to kee t to themselves." Thor said. "Forget I said anything."

"Like their keeping their nudity to themselves." I said. "Tell me what i s."

"Hmm... I don't know... It's a little strange, but I guess you shoul now." Thor seemed to be in conflict with himself, although that may hav ad something to do with the plank exercise he was doing right now. I wa bout to interject.

"Tell you what, I'll ask if they mind sharing what they found, and if the ay it's. I'll show you, but you gotta keep an open mind, Ok?"

"Fine." I said reluctantly. "But I don't appreciate being kept in th ark. If you guys find something on this island you gotta tell us. If not e might miss something we need to solve an exercise or something.

"Yea I know." Thor said. "In the meantime, why not join me. Mornin xercise is fantastic, and it's perfect now when it's not so hot out."  rowned a little bit. This was supposed to be a relaxing place to be. But  ust kept feeling more and more stress. If I didn't have the earnings wit ndre I might have gone crazy by now.

"Got anything better to do?" He asked. "Trust me, you'll feel better. An ho knows you might even get in shape."

 I rolled my eyes, but joined him anyway. I quickly realized my mistake, a y pelvis area was way too sore for gymnastics.



Several minutes later Lars returned, heaving for breath as if he'd bee unning. I had a feeling that if I needed to get in shape, Lars definitel id too, but I didn't say anything. He'd already lost weight and I fel ike a bad person for even thinking it.

"Hey, where is the duo?" Thor asked. He was in the middle of doin ushups. How he managed to do it on the shifty sand was a riddle to me.

"I can't... find them." Lars said between breaths. "Where'd... yo ay... they slept."

I got to my feet after my failed attempt at doing pushups. Normally I coul o it, but the sand made it too difficult. The still half naked Andre ha oined us in our exercise. Seeing him train with bare butt had made m well a little down there, but I'd managed to control my hormones thi ime. My own t-shirt had gotten full of sand, so I took it off, and shoo t.

"They were right down the beach, I think. You can't have missed them."  aid. "How far did you go?"

"Pretty far." Lars said. "Can't find them anywhere, you sure they slep own there?"

"Absolutely." Andre answered. "Can they have wondered off?"

"Not with all that sleeping gear, they brought several blankets an illows. I half expected them to build a fort with it or something."

"Well there is no trace of them anywhere." Lars said.

"Calm down." Thor said, and got to his feet. He had removed his t-shirt  hile ago to, displaying his well-toned body. My eyes had flickered to tha oo, but it wasn't as enticing as watching a bottomless Andre d runches. "It's not like there is a lot of places they could have gone."

"I know but, we should probably go look for them. I don't like that the ust disappear like that."

The four of us took off towards the beach and tried having a look around.  emembered the place they'd decided to sleep, but true enough neither bo as there. I knelt down to see if there were any traces.

"I'm pretty sure they were here, I mean the sand looks like someone coul ave slept there, but I can't be sure." I said.

"Then we'll have to get the others and try to find them. What if somethin appened to them?" Lars said.

"What on earth would that be?" Thor said. "Let's keep our cool and look fo hem. I'll wake up sleeping beauty and Snow white."

It took a while to get the two of them hauled out of bed. Thor had t iterally knock on a pot to raise them.

"Is that any reason to make all that noise." A naked, drowsy and more tha ed headed Jacob said, when he stuck out his head and Thor explained th roblem. "They're probably just out playing some nerd game, let the boy ave their fun."

"We can't find their bedding either, and they wouldn't go without sayin o, Seb might but not Jake." Andre said. "Just come help us find them, the ou can go back to sleep."

"Sounds weird." Martins voice sounded from within the tent. He sounded  ot more awake than Jacob. Then without warning Jacob's naked body tumble ut into the sand. I noticed how his body was also still covered in whit aint streaks, from last night. Martins head appeared in the tent opening s he struggled to free himself from the tent. My guess was that he'd bee wake already but didn't or couldn't have gotten up till now.

"We'll come, just hang on a second." Martin was just as naked, and wa dditionally sporting an impressive morning wood which didn't seem t other him considering he was standing here right in front of all of us. H oo had a beautiful set of white marking all over his body.

"If the two of you can take a trip down the beach and have a look, Andr nd I will sift through the forest, and see if they're in there somewhere.  suggested, pointing to Martin and Jacob.

"What if they come back while we are all out looking for them?" Lars asked.

"That's why you and Thor are staying here." I said. "Use the time to mak ome lunch. For when we've found them. We'll meet back here when we'v earched for a while and if we haven't found them, we'll make a new plan.

"I'm sure we will have." Thor said.

"Aww, can't I at least be the one to stay?" Jacob complained but Marti ook a hold of his wrist and dragged him along.

"Nope, 'cuz then you'll just go back to sleep. Come on, it won't tak ong."

With those words we scattered into our search pattern. I couldn't reall gree with myself if I should be worried or not.

[Tags: Masturbation, fingering, anal]

