Date: Tue, 5 Jan 2021 21:01:06 +000 rom: Human Man <gladly11@hotmail.com ubject: Island, Chapter 21

Hello Again, this time is a special episode since it's the first time we'l ook at the story from Andres perspective. Enjoy.


Disclaimer: This story is free fantasy, nothing in it ever happened and al haracters are made up and do not resemble any real person, living or dead.

This story includes a whole lot of irrisposible behaviour, and I do no ondone any of it. Including but not limited to: Sexual behaviour betwee ales younger than 16 years old, underaged drinking, nudity, swearing ublic urination, leaving teenagers unsupervised on a unspecfically locate ninhabited island, pop-culture references, compleate and utter disregar or STD prevention, some stuff you really shouldn't do with a camera ating or otherwise inserting into yourself unfamiliar fruits you find i ature, an (at this point) unhealthily lax attitude towards hyginge unning around a dark deserted island in the middle of the night, sexua olestation of artwork, and bad jokes.

I kindly remind you that I am a stranger on the internet and anything yo ead is at your own risk.

If you like this story and feel like donating, you can. Not to me, I am  epraved person who writes erotic fiction with something that vaguel esembles a plot and then jerk off to the result. No, donate to Nift nstead, cuz they are great. There is a link for that here ttp://donate.nifty.org/

Lastly, I like the idea of adding Tags to a story so people know what the an expect to jerk off to, but I also find them to often be spoiling th tory a little. With that in mind I have decided to put these at the botto f the page, so if you need tags they can be found there.



Chapter 21: Andre, June 17th - Afternoon



"That was a little too easy." Matt complained after we'd tracked throug he underbrush between the palms and bamboo to get back to camp. Matt, i is eagerness to get back had decided to walk through the forest rathe han follow the beach. It would technically be a shorter in distance, bu robably not shorter in time. I didn't mention this to him, as he probabl ouldn't have listened. When he got like this it was impossible to reaso ith him. Maybe the fact that we'd found a treasure already would distrac im.

When Thor had told Matt and me that they'd found a special place of som ind, I'd wondered what he meant, and still did, I guess. But Matt ha aken it pretty badly. He and Martin had a little bit of an alpha-mal truggle they had to resolve. Matt didn't particularly like the fact tha e'd been put in charge, but even I could see he enjoyed being the oldes eeping things in order.

"I don't think the first one is meant to be a challenge." I said as  ooked at the impossible to miss palm-leaf package on the ground. Th eaves were tied together with a thick red ribbon for added visibility.

"We've walked less than ten meters from the altar." Matt said, raising a yebrow at me.

"You kiddin'?" I said grinning. "That was at least twelve meters." My vai ttempt to be funny did manage to quell his miffed mood a little bit.

"But bro, what did you expect." I continued. "It's a treasure hunt and som f the treasures need to be easy to find so that we don't give up halfwa hrough, right?"

I took a tight grasp on the top of the treasure and carefully slung th acket over my shoulder. The tough palm leaves that made up the wrapping f the treasure were coarse in my hands and on my back but it was th asiest wat to carry it. The basketball tank top I was wearing was severa izes too big meaning the neck and arm openings exposed my back and ches o the point where wearing it was pointless. But I couldn't help but thin t looked sexy as hell. I'd once seen a porn video where the guy had wor othing but a tank-top like this one while banging some slutty white chic  could hardly remember. The mental image of the dude made my crotch tingl  lil' bit, and a slight twitch in my shorts told me I'd lingered on th mage a little too long. Since I'd come to this island, I'd learned mor bout myself than in the last three years combined, especially sexually.  ould have sworn than it had actually been the slutty white girl in tha ideo that had made me horny, and the dude had only enhanced the fantasy o oing her, and looked damned good while doing it. But what if it ha ctually been him the whole time? Or was it really both of them?

One thing I did know, was that Matt had been better in bed, even though w adn't actually done it in a bed, than any of my previous girlfriends o ook ups. A fact that had ignited curiosity and doubt within me. What o arth had driven me to ask this guy to jerk off with me. I'd gone over th teps in my head a hundred times, especially when Matt and slept next t ach other.

A party, alcohol involved, playing games and socialize with the subjec resent, get the gal'... guy I guess... alone, talk, pry into intimat hings, ask them into an intimate setting, fuck their brains out. That' ow I'd always done it, so much so that I'd done it without being aware o t, right up until I'd busted my nut inside Matt's tight hole.

My cock swelled up in my shorts, at the memory of our first tim ogether. A part of me still had an impulse to hide it, even though we ha eclared the boner to be a free creature on this island. I'd tested m exuality a little since. I'd jacked off with Lars as well. Actually, I' ven given him a hand job. It had been fun and to be honest completel armless. After having fucked a guy in the ass, whacking one off anothe ne was nothing. Lars was fun and adventurous, not to mention  orn-dog. My true test was yesterday when I had sucked Matt off. I hadn' een sure I could do it, but I had loved every minute of it. Matt had bee o easy to give pleasure I could have gone on for hours if he hadn' inished. I wanted to do it again, soon. Knowing Matt, it wouldn't take to ong for me to get a chance, but right now he was clearly not in th ood. I wondered for a second whether it could work as an emergenc istraction if he went back up into the red.

"Then it's probably something eatable." Matt said. "We were virtuall uaranteed to find it."

"Nah." I said. "Chances were that we'd gone back along the beach, the wa e came. If you hadn't gone this way it could have been days before anyon hought to check right 'round the altar." I said. Matt shrugged and starte alking. We didn't even consider opening the pack without the others.

Matt set a brisk pace but had to backtrack once when he discovered we' aken a wrong turn at a bamboo cluster, which to me looked like all th ther clusters. I had to admit he was better at navigating the forest tha e, and this forest was a virtual labyrinth if you weren't sticking to th nown paths. Even somewhat distracted with speculation over the contents o he package, Matt was still in a hurry to get back. I'd been going barefoo ince we left, because the beach sand felt amazing under my soles, but i he forest, it was less comfortable, so my feet were already aching. Also ith our hike down this morning, my legs were getting tired. The sight o att's cute behind in the makeshift loincloth he was wearing helped wit he moral, when walking behind him. He had an amazing butt. Round, smoot nd with muscular tone. That was something with the male body I'd alway dmired, and not been ashamed to admit to myself. Their asses were jus mazing. Distinctly different from the girls. Theirs were usually bigger ounder and softer and for the most part amazing. But there was somethin bout the butts of guys that attracted my eyes, either when I saw them i he locker room or on a screen. A surprising number of movies and TV-show ad man butts. Even cartoons found them sufficiently inoffensive for som eason.

When we finally returned to camp, we were a little concerned when we foun t empty, at least at first glance. Matt checked around, both in the tent nd down at the beach to see if the two nudists were splashing around. O ods forbid doing something productive.

All we found were some empty plates on the table, two of which had bee lown on the ground by the wind, and Sebastian and Jake snugglin omfortably in the hammock, sleeping soundly in the shade. Matt and I bot nstinctually lowered our voices when we found the two. Not that we reall eeded to if we stayed in the center of camp, since the hammock was fa nough away to allow normal speech. There was something strange abou eeing two teenaged boys snuggling up like a pair of puppies. I didn't min f cause, I wasn't exactly in any position to judge, but it was stil dd. Mostly considering the fact that neither of the boys were wearin nderwear and Seb was wearing nothing at all. Even so, a part of me wante o strip down and join them, it looked so cozy.

I didn't of cause. The Hammock was big enough, but it would probably b nwelcome, even if I could have done it without waking them. Instead  eturned to Matt who was standing on the ridge that lead down to the beac nd looked over the water. I draped my arms around his shoulders an ressed my body to his back, letting him feel me. My dark dry, sun war kin against his lighter version, feeling my sensitive if limp manhoo ettle between his butt cheeks through the fabric of our respectiv lothing.

"Where did they wander off to?" he mumbled, annoyed with thei isappearance. This really shouldn't bother him this much. I ran my nos nd mouth nuzzling behind his ear and kissed him on the temple.

"Whatever they've been hiding isn't going anywhere, Matt. Can't you le hem have their place to themselves?"

"I need to know if this place they found has significance, we agreed t hare discoveries." He said. "And don't do that here." He added, pullin is head away from my mouth. "Seb and Jake are right over there."

"They're sleeping." I whispered, sensually into his ear. "And if Marti hought the place was important, he'd have said something, he's no tupid."

Matt turned around and placed his forehead against mine, and sighed deeply efore letting me kiss him a few times. Being alone had its charms, mainl hat we could do this without being disturbed.

"I just don't like being kept in the dark." Matt said, he placed a larg and on my hip. Even after his protest he couldn't resist pulling me i loser, so he could feel the contours of my body.

"Nobody does. But maybe it's a good thing he wasn't here." I said. "It wil ive you a chance to calm down a little."

"I'm calm." Matt said, indignantly.

"Really?" I said raising an eyebrow. We let go of each other and Mat ooked up to face me.

"I'm calm now." Matt clarified, still indignant. "I just want to know wha e's keeping hidden and why he is doing it. That's not unreasonable."

I spotted the soccer ball which whoever had used it last, had left in th and close by and rolled it onto my foot, to kick it in the air.

"If you say so." I said, juggling the ball with my feet, two times befor t fell out of reach. I was more of a basketball guy after all. "It sounde ike they were planning on showing us at some point."

Matt didn't answer, but just kicked the ball back to me. The sand made i ifficult to play, but I guess that's why they called it beach-soccer. Mat nd I played around a little bit, even though Matt's heart wasn't in it a irst.



Martin and Jacob returned an hour later just as the sun went from scorchin o hot. I praised my dark skin for not having to deal with a sunburn suc s the one Matt had developed on his shoulders. Jacob who was as ligh kinned as they came, had apparently had the good sense to apply sunscree o excess.

The two were of cause nude, not even wearing sandals. Jacob was chasin artin for some reason. He caught him by the ankle with a foot just as the eached the edge of camp, causing Martin to fall screaming down, with Jaco n top of him.

"Gotchá!" Jacob shouted and fought to keep Martin from escaping, al he while Martin tried to keep Jacob from taking something.

"Hey, hey!" I ran over to them and tried to shush them. The two naked boy topped their roughhousing and looked at me.

"Someone is sleeping." I explained and gestured over my shoulder toward he hammock where Seb and Jake were napping together. Both boys looked a e indecisively for a second before letting go of each other, Marti ossing whatever they were fighting over to Jacob, who didn't make a ffort to catch it. From the looks of it as it landed in the sand next t acob, it was nothing but a smooth black stone."

"Sorry." Martin whispered, winded after his running he placed his hands an is sides. His bare chest still heaving. Jacob was winded too, bu pparently in better shape than Martin. Absent mindedly the redhea cratched his balls and brushed some sand out of his hear.

"He did say he was tired." Jacob said. "They have got the right idea i his heat." he didn't whisper as Martin had done but was still a littl ore hushed than usual which was the most you could hope for with this one.

"There you are." Matt said, his voice seeming loud since everyone else ha een talking in low voices. He'd been over to retrieve the ball I' ccidentally kicked in an unpredicted direction, when the two ha eturned. His voice was forced friendly, I could tell, and so could Marti f his expression was to be any indication.

"Yea? We went over to find that altar. I think I have a few good ideas fo ow to decorate it." Martin said, a little bit on guard. I rolled m yes. If that was true, we would have run into them if we'd just followe he beach when getting back. By taking the forest route we'd missed them.

"Nice, we found a treasure." I chimed in. It was an attempt to distrac hem from the pending argument and it partially worked which got bot artin and Jacob to look at me wide eyed.

"For real?" Jacob said, and immediately clamped a hand over his mouth ince he'd once again been a little too loud. "Let's open it."

"How about we wait till everyone is here and awake?" Matt said, a littl nnoyed that his agenda had been sidetracked. "I had something I wanted t alk to you about." I looked at Matt with a gaze telling him to take i asy, but he'd already made a gesture for Martin and presumably everyone t ather around and he didn't see me.

"Sure." Martin shrugged and took up position in shifting a little becaus he still hot sand burned his naked feet. Jacob settled down but chose t ay down in the fading sun behind Martin. Curious about what Thor had said  settled down and played with the soccer ball in my hands determined t ook like I wasn't part of whatever accusation Matt intended to make.

"Thor told me you had found something interesting." Matt started. "Lar ccidentally mentioned something about a place you'd found with drawings i t. I got the feeling I wasn't supposed to know about it."

I watched Martins reaction closely as Matt mentioned what Lars and Thor ha aid. True enough his eyes widened a little when Matt said it. His mout ontorting in an expression as someone wondering how to approach th ubject.

"I think I know what place he meant." Martin said, doing a real good jo ounding like he genuinely had to think about it. Maybe even good enoug hat Matt would fall for it, but not me. "Just somewhere we found." H dded.

"Awesome." Matt said. "I'd like to see it, if that's ok."

"No." Martin said.

"Excuse me?" Matt said. I too was a little taken aback by the flat-ou ismissal.

"You asked if it was ok, and as a matter of fact, it isn't." Martin said rossing his arms, his smile never wavering. "I don't think it's a goo ime yet."

"Why? What's going on?" I said, now curious enough to involve myself. Thi as out of character even for Martin.

"Are you sure you shouldn't show him? I can do it if you're don't wanna. acob said. He winked, reached up and slapped Martin on the ass with a udible smack that made Martin wince and jerk away.

I looked down at Jacob who was laying in the sand, following th onversation with interest. The smile on his face told me there wa omething devious going on. Matt looked like his blood pressure wa aising.

"I don't like being kept in the dark." He said, with a little more harm i is voice than I thought was necessary.

"And you won't be if you keep opening your mind, Matt." Martin said, hi mile even wider. "Just be a little more curious, and a little les ouchy." He continued and proceeded to embrace the bigger guy tightly heek pressed Matt's own. Matt stared at Martin perplexed as the naked bo trolled past him toward the jug of fruit juice on the table and pourin imself a glass. Even Jacob looked slightly bamboozled over Martin eaction.

Impatient with finding out what was in the treasure packet, but wit othing to do but wait for Thor and Lars to return, I decided to have  lass of fruit juice on the bench. Matt who was irritable from his argumen ith Martin had gone to the tent he and I now shared, found a book an ecluded himself under a tree in the far end of camp. Jacob was stil orking on his tan under the now much less intense but still effectivel corching sun. Martin who was still smiling and humming to himself ha laced the cooking pot over the fire, after effortlessly revitalizing th onfire. If nothing else we were all becoming competent survivalists, eve f none of us were regular Bear Grylls's just yet.

I took off my shorts and underwear too. Having walked in them all day i his heat, wearing them and moving around felt like I had a knife in m horts that would cut the flesh between my thigh and my junk with ever ittle motion. There was a tiny prick of adrenaline as I discreetly sli hem off and rolled them into a ball. The fresh air on the sensitive ski hat wasn't as accustomed to it. The little tiny doubt in me that told m t wasn't all right to be nude outside where others could see me despit he fact that everyone else nearby, except Matt were butt naked. It felt s ucking weird still, sitting down on the wooden bench with nothing on m rotch. I could feel the sand grains and the veins in the wood that was o nd part of the bench. The unfamiliar feeling of by balls touching th urface I was sitting on. Wearing only the slacking tank top now, I wa nce again reminded of the porno I'd seen with the black basketball playe earing only a tank top like this one. Saw his unbelievably large hard coc efore my mind's eye and felt the twitch in my loins that told me a rection was inevitable. If I'd ever denied that I was attracted to dudes here was no doubt anymore.

Come to think of it, had I ever even watched gay porn before? Even out o uriosity.

To distract myself, and to have something to do. I found my guitar an tarted playing. Not being a particularly good singer, I just played an ummed along. Started with the James Bond theme song and moved into some o he classic We-are-around-a-bonfire-songs, with easy to remember chords.

I had just moved into Country Road, when I heard a crystal-clear harmoniou oice I knew sing along.

"...too the place, I belong. West Virginia. Mountain mamma. Take m ome..."

I looked over at the hammock and saw a smiling Jake looking back at me.  himed into the song and repeated the chorus. Nobody was expected t emember the lyrics to the verses after all. When the song ended, Jake ha lumsily tumbled out of the hammock, while Sebastian was stretching. Bot ad terrible bed head but since Jake had longer hair he was worse off.

"It's been too long since I've seen you smile like that." I said, when h ame over, looking hungrily at the pot of pasta that Martin wa reparing. A combination of pasta screws from the huge bag we had, premad omato sauce from a can, dices of smoked bacon and sausage. The meal wa robably ready, Martin was just keeping it warm.

"It's been a while since I slept so fucking well." Jake said. "I'm hungr re we eating soon?" I raised an eyebrow. I didn't think I'd ever hear ake swear. In fact, I had never seen anyone swear within earshot of hi ithout him wincing a little bit.

"Lars and Thor aren't back yet." I said, wondering what the two of the ere up to. Lars had told me what he and Thor had done together. Mayb here was a naughty reason for their delay. I shrugged the thought away s y dick wouldn't get the wrong idea. Why was I so damned horny? Just th hought was putting me at half-mast. I was glad the guitar was blockin ake's view. The T-shirt Jake was wearing was wrinkly, way too big and ha tains of some kind on it. Otherwise he was naked, at least that's what  ad seen when he crawled out of the hammock, because the T-shit wen alfway down his thighs. Sebastian came over and wrapped his arms aroun ake's shoulders from behind. I halfway expected him to kiss Jake on th heek. But of cause he didn't.

"I'm gonna go pee, I'll be right back." He said, squeezed Jake and left.  eeded to adjust my head. I was seeing gay stuff everywhere no pparently. Sebastian and Jake weren't like that, that was silly. Despit is usual reservations, Jake had never been averse to physical contact. A east not as long as I had known him which admittedly wasn't that long.

"I'm glad to hear you are sleeping better." I said. "When did you last hav  good night sleep?" Jake shrugged and sat down next to me, rubbing hi yes.

"I can't remember. I guess I slept ok last night. It's really comfortin hen Sebastian is there." He said. "Is that weird?"

"There are probably some people who wouldn't like it, but I don't think an f them are on this island." I said, truthfully. "What about that night yo lept on the beach? Seb was with you then." I continued. I hung the guita ver one of the posts so it was out of the sand.

"It rained." Jake said. "We didn't get to sleep much. Plus, neither of u ould sleep much after..." He stopped and looked at me, then lowered hi yes to his feet.

"What?" I asked. This was entirely normal when talking to Jake. He coul et embarrassed about the weirdest things.

"Something..." He said.

"Jake." I said, lowering my voice. I knew Martin could probably hear ever ord we said. "You know you can talk to me, right? Whatever it is."

"I need to talk to you about it." Jake said. "Tonight, when the other an't hear it." He almost whispered the last part. Martin either didn' isten or didn't care. My curiosity was woken. Jake and I had been throug  lot in the short period we'd known each other, so I knew when Jake wa ervous about something that wasn't just his own neurotics.

"That's cool." I said supportively as Seb emerged from the woods agai fter presumably having drained the weasel. Without a word he sat down nex o Jake at the table.

Lars and Thor returned not long after. I was talking with Sebastian an ake about something nerdy they were both into. I didn't really understan hat it was, but it involved dice and magic.

The two of them were both clothed, like when we'd split earlier. Both wer n open Hawaiian shirts, Lars' blue and Thor's pink, revealing bar hests. While Thor had the physique of his namesake Lars was chubby an ore a towel around his waist, which I knew had nothing underneath, rathe han normal legwear. Thor had his swim shorts.

A little bored with the nerdy conversation I raised my hand in greeting, a hor ran the last few meters, and Lars came slowly into the camp and sa is ass down with a deep sigh, as if he'd just run a marathon.

"I halfway expected you to come from the other side of the island with a ong as you were gone." I grinned and winked at Lars who was too tired t atch it.

"We could as well have." Lars said, planting his forehead in the table. "W alked all the way to the other side before heading back."

"I didn't know you could do that." Sebastian said. "The mountain is to teep and rocky, right?"

"That's not true." Thor said, not at all out of breath, or seeming tire or that matter. "If you crawl over the boulders right next to the wate ou can get around the mountain instead of climbing it. You just have t ind the right spot."

"Did you find any treasure?" Sebastian asked, looking excided. "Matt an ndre did." He pointed to the packed that I'd shown them. They'd debate hat was in it but had patiently waited with opening it.

"No but we did find something, you won't believe." Lars said. "There... hor gave Lars and elbow in the side, cutting off what Lars was about t ay. The cubby boy looked at Thor with confusion and the ealization. "There... is... hot water coming out of the mountain." He sai arefully.

"You've seen that too?" Jake said. Apparently, Jake hadn't noticed tha ittle suspicious quarrel. I had a feeling Lars hadn't said everything h anted to say.

"Exactly... wait you've seen hot springs?" Thor said, directed at Jake. H nd Sebastian locked eyes for a moment. Both boys looked a little sheepish.

"Yea... there is a hot spring on the mountain, a big one." Sebastia aid. "Did... we not tell you that?" He said slowly as if he'd forgotte omething important.

"No!" Everyone around the table, and Martin who had not joined th onversation yet but was apparently listening, said in unison. "Is it jus unning down the mountain or is there pools?"

"There's one pool, but it's pretty big." Sebastian said. "It has drawing oo."

"I want to see the place." Martin said Immediately, he'd come over leavin is food to simmer by itself. "Can you show me?"

Sebastian and Jake looked at each other. It was clear that neither of the ad expected everyone to react so strongly.

"Sure." Jake said. A part of me wanted to point out Martins hypocrisy. W ere supposed to show him all of the secret places, but he didn't have t how us his?

Dinner was lively this evening. Martin's pasta was not half bad, an veryone except Matt seemed to be in a good mood. Laughing, joking an peculations about what could be in the treasure pack that we hadn't opene et. It was still standing in the middle of the table ready for someone t ull the ribbon that was tied around the leaves.

"Well, are we gonna open it?" Sebastian said, the first person who could n onger contain his impatience. Everyone else were done eating and Matt ha ollected all the plates. He still hadn't recovered his mood from his ru n with Martin. When nobody seemed to have any interjections, he reache ut and pulled the ribbon. Then he quickly realized that pulling it wasn' oing to be enough and had to mess with the knot for a minute or two efore Lars lost his patience and handed the frustrated nude boy the shar nife from his side of the table. The leaves opened like a flower, or mor ccurately like one of those eggs from the alien movies.

Most of the pack was dominated by a big cardboard box which explained wh he pack had sounded like it had cardboard inside. I'd just assumed they' sed cardboard to stiffen the package but that wasn't the case i eemed. The side of the box had a dynamic colorful image of children i wimwear having a good time in what looked like an inflatable raft.

"Awesome!" Jacob exclaimed and grabbed the box to have a closer look uickly followed by Jake and Sebastian who took to our new toy with glee.  ooked through the rest of the pack. Matt didn't seem much interested bu oth Thor, Martin, and Lars the pack also had an assortment of differen inds of tea bags and a large bag of candy.

"Oh man, Martin remind me to thank the Island gods extra for this shit. acob said, already unpacking the inflatable toy raft. I noticed the win e sent the Canadian boy when he rolled out the plastic toy. Matt swung hi egs over the edge of the bench and dumped the plates into the washbow ith resolute irritation.

"This goes without saying." He started using his command voice and picke p the washbowl. "But I am going to say it anyway. You will not try to sai way from the island in that thing, and you will be responsible when yo se it." Jacob looked a little overwhelmed by Matt's hostile tone.

"Duh." He said. "I don't plan on drowning at sea. Look there is even  afety tether." He held up a long metal peg that could be screwed into th and, and a long piece of nylon string. Matt didn't respond but jus andered off to do the dishes.

"You want help with that?" I hollered after him, knowing the answer ful ell before he responded.

"No, thanks." He said, not in a too unfriendly tone. It wasn't me he wa ngry with.

"His loss." Jacob said, between his fierce exhalations into the nozzle o ur new toy. I would always get dizzy when I tried to blow up that kind o nflatable toy, but we didn't have a pump, unless someone had brought on or their air mattress.

"How about we take our evening swim in a few minutes, when I'm done here? e said, looking with a suspiciously sharp glance at Jake who caught hi yes. I could practically see his anxiety flare up in a second. Somethin as definitely afoot.

"Aren't we... supposed to wait an hour?" Jake asked feebly as if he' ather not take part in whatever plan Jacob had set.

"That myth was debunked so many years ago." Jacob said. "You're stalling. e tilted his head forward in a manner like a detective caching a crimina ed handed in a deception. Jake's face flushed bright red and scoote loser to Seb on the bench.

"Can... can we wait an hour anyway?" Jake asked almos leadingly. Harvesting a measured glare from Jacob.

"Alright, one hour." He said. "But you aren't getting off the hook." Jak ooked like he was up for an impossible math-test, rather than going for  wim. He and Seb scuttled off for a quick reapplication of sunscreen, no hat Seb needed it much but Jake would.

"Alright, the evening dip is in one hour." Jacob said as if he didn't wan nyone to miss it. Strange since there was literally no restriction on whe e could bathe, as long as we didn't do it alone.

"Actually, we need Martin for something." Thor said, and poked the nud anadian boy who had shuffled the deck of cards for a quick solitaire. W eally didn't have much to amuse ourselves with after all.

"Something?" Martin said, skeptically in the middle of placing rows o ards.

"You guys really need to stop with the secrecy." I said. "Matt is gonn low a fuse if you keep locking him out."

"That's why I'm saying it now, and not when he comes back from brooding. hor said. "Seriously it's nothing."

"We need to wait till tomorrow." Lars said. "We shouldn't go out there whe t's dark."

"It's not dark yet." Martin said.

"You must have noticed how quick it gets dark out here, and how dark i ets." Lars said. "Seriously it'll be pitch black in two hours.

"Then we should get going." Thor said.

"Not tonight." Jacob chimed in. "You're gonna miss our evening skinny dip."

"What is so important about bathing today?" I asked. Maybe I'd have  hance to get to the bottom of this, suspicious behavior.

"Nothing." Jacob said, with decent impression of someone with no ulterio otives. The only reason I didn't trust him was because of his reputatio s a trickster, and his strange tit for tat with Jake not five minutes ago.

I decided to confront him about it a little later when he was relaxing i he newly inflated orange and blue beach toy and catching the rays from th uch milder sinking sun. With his almost transparent skin tone it was  onder he hadn't got any more than mild sunburn. I had to admit that hi igorous tanning sessions really were beginning to work, even if he weren' oing to get tan lines to prove it.

I sat my bare ass down on the hot rubber boat causing the redhead to jump  ittle from the displaced air.

"You're not sitting in my sun, are you?" Jacob asked, grinning at me.  norted and scooted over a little. "You should see if there is any tannin il somewhere, it would do wonders for you." He continued, I shook my head onfused.

"I'm black, bro. I don't tan." I shot back.

"Nah I meant for ya' abs." He said, mimicking my accent. "There is jus omething about oiled up black guys." He winked at me. I had to admit I wa  little taken aback. I'd seen Jacob be borderline flirty before, but  asn't used to it being so overt or directed at me, even with the ne xperiences I'd gotten on this island. Still Jacob wasn't the first gu ho'd tried that on me, and now that I was getting more comfortable wit his side of my sexuality, I had no problem meeting Jacob's edgy teasin ead on. Putting on a confident veneer I sleeked down onto one of th ontoons and propped my head on one arm, looking down at Jacob's slende aked body. He was genuinely good looking even if he wasn't a straight u ream boy. I even caught myself thinking that I wouldn't mind plowing hi ss into next week, at least if I was sure Matt wouldn't mind. There was  ell of a difference between not being official and being free to pla round the field. I'd learned that the hard way.

I lowered my face closer to his and said.

"We always have olive oil, if you wanna help me apply some." I said in th oftest and most overly sensual baritone I could muster. We held ey ontact for a moment, then both burst out laughing. The classi et's-see-how-far-we're-willing-to-go game was over. Jacob laid back dow nd closed his eyes against the evening sun. I took the opportunity t nspect his naked body while figuring the best way of approaching th ubject I had in mind.

"What is it you've talked Jake into." I asked bluntly. I figured the hea n approach was as good as any other at this point. Jacob opened one ey nd looked up at me. He unapologetically eyed my uncovered manhood, whic ere hanging heavily against the lower of my thighs. His eyes made i inkle and shrivel up a little bit.

"Nothing." He said. "He and I just agreed we'd get everyone to take th vening dip together that's all, it's been a while since we've all gon ight-swimming."

"Yea, I'm not buying that." I said. "I've been through some rough shit wit im, I can tell when he's being pushed to something he doesn't want to."

"It's not that bad." Jacob said. He gave in quickly, but stil eluctantly. "I just want to help him be less shy, you know." I raised a yebrow and made a sound prompting him to continue.

"We just had a talk, that's all. I posed him a challenge." He said.

"Jacob, I don't want you to push Jake into doing things." I said, trying t e a little stern. "He's been through enough."

"It's not a push, it's a nudge." Jacob said. "Trust me on this, that boy i ot gonna evolve if he doesn't get nudged a little."

"He'll do fine. He doesn't need to have you make him feel uncomfortable."  aid. I lowered my voice in a way that I hoped would make him turn th olume down a notch. I didn't want Jake or anyone else to hear us. Jaco aught on, but didn't relent.

"No that's exactly what he needs." He said hushed. "Jake has a proble hich is not related to him being bullied on the other island. He is bein ullied at home too, not by his school mates, not by his peers but by hi amily. Just like I was."

"Jake isn't you." I said. "I know you both have difficult families, bu ake can't deal with it the way you can."

"The hell he can't." Jacob said, with a lot more conviction than I though e was capable of. "To deal with a family like that he's gonna need t earn confidence and get a sense that getting a spanking from his parent eans he's probably doing something right." I was a little blown away b his. I knew Jacob had a difficult family of his own but this side of hi 'd never seen.

"All I'm gonna do, at least for now, is pose a challenge. And then I'l hallenge him further when he sees the first one is a piece of cake."

"And the first one is?" I asked.

"Can't tell you that." He stated matter-of-factly. "Doctor-patien onfidentiality. I promised I wouldn't tell and doing so would ruin th xercise anyway."

I took in his words for a few seconds. He didn't look like I could pul nymore out of him, so I decided to drop the matter.

"Alright then, but if you go too far, I will kick your ass." I said. H ave me a nod. He understood. Damn he was a lot sexier than I'd thought.  etreated before my arousal would show any further.



The twilight was setting in when Jacob finally managed to get us al ogether and down to the water. He Sebastian and Jake took point, while  aited for Lars, Martin and Thor who'd been discussing something apparentl ery important at length ever since dinner. Matt had just grunted when I' sked him to join, which I had taken as a maybe.

When I reached the water, I saw Sebastian nude as usual, standing in th ater looking back at Jacob who had both hands on Jake's shoulders and hi eet in the slushing water. Jakes cute little butt was visible under th im of his t-shirt and was looking into Jacobs eyes as the older boy seeme o guide him though something.

"... let the others get into the water, then do it discreetly and come int he water. Nobody will notice." Was all I heard Jacob whisper to Jake. The he redhead sent me a glance over Jakes shoulder that told me to act like  new nothing. I decided to follow his silent command and tossed my towel i he sand, already completely naked and shouted.

"Last one in the water is gay!" then I ran into to water, deliberatel ackling Jacob, picking the spindly boy off his feet and throwing us bot nto the water with a gleeful screech. I was followed in no short order b he other four behind me leaving only Jake hesitantly with his feet in th rim. We tumbled around for a bit splashed, tackled and threw each other o he water, while Jake was still standing plagued by a mysteriou ndecision, looking at us. Only when Jacob caught his eyes and gesture ehemently for Jake to join us did he move. I didn't want to look like  as on to them, so I grabbed Jacob from behind and lifted him again wit he intent to toss him into the water. Unfortunately, his nude wet bod icked and twisted so much it was hard to get leverage, so I ended u ulling him backward with my arms around my chest. This also meant m laccid cock got pressed against the redheads soft, smooth butt cheeks in  anner than send a shiver from my dick and all the way up m pine. Something I knew would result in a very imminent and very inevitabl ard on. The initial panic about getting hard where others could see it eant I dropped Jacob immediately who fell into the water with a splash.  nly just managed to see Jake finally make a move, removing his t-shir ith a quick motion and running into the water as fast as he could, befor  was tackled myself by Thor.

The water shenanigans kept up for another few minutes before we were al inally wrestled out and had all squatted in the water, chatting, jokin nd laughing. Sebastian's head had been the only thing I could see o im. He had Matt sitting behind him. Presumably his arms around him.  loseness between boys that would have been odd anywhere else but didn' ven feel noteworthy on this island. I suspected Sebastian was in th rocess of talking him down from his irritation with Martin. Seb had  apport with Matt I still didn't have yet. It didn't look like it wa nough, because Matt soon took his leave. I still had a raging boner fro hen I'd touched Jacob, but kept it hidden under the water. Now that th un was only a half-disk in the horizon spreading a flame of orange ove he faceted water. Jacob had dragged the new inflated toy out into th ater after dutifully attaching the mooring line to the peg. Jake and Jaco ere using it as a floating armchair their feet in the water. Jake wa hivering a little bit the heat was diminishing now and being wet and ou f the water cooled you a bit of you weren't in the water. Jacob had on rm around the younger boy which probably weren't much warmth but more fo tability. Thor, Lars and Martin were still discussing what they' ound. So far, I'd gathered that it involved a particularly impressiv ainting. I must admit I'd lost interest a little bit. The paintings wer mazing and interesting sure enough, but there was a limit to how much i ould keep my attention. I mean there were real life nude boys I could loo t all around me. Besides if it was such a big secret, why bother.

Instead I spend some time listening to Sebastian describe the intricacie f one of his favorite roleplaying games, and in turn told him a littl bout the rules and finer points in basketball. When he finally mumble omething about returning to the camp and seeing if Matt was ok, I decide t might be time to settle down for the evening. By now the moon wa tarting to show and I'd noticed that the tribal body paint we'd made day go was starting to glow again. It was not as bright as it had been las ight but still very visible. It reminded me of a rave-themed party I ha een at once.

Lazily I drifted towards the two in the rubber boat, who had in tur rifted as far down the beach as the tether would allow.

"... told you it wasn't so bad, literally nobody noticed." Jacob sai ounding both excided and like a guy who had entered maximum chil ode. "You gotta admit that nude is better."

"I guess, I still feel so... naked." Jake replied. He sounded drained, eve hough he'd been sleeping all day.

"Trust me, in two days you'll feel weird wearing anything." Jaco aid. "I've always felt stupid wearing clothes."

"But wearing clothes is normal." Jake said. "I still don't think I could d t with others... or with girls around." I could hear the shudder in hi oice as he said it.

"I just think of them as dudes with inverted dicks." Jacob said. I didn' ear what else Jacob thought about girls before I got my head underwate nd swam soundlessly under the beach toy and silently emerged on the othe ide, flicking the water out of my hair.

I noticed that Jake crossed his arms over his chest and failing bitterly t ake it look convincing. His drawings were not luminous enough to hide wha e'd kept secret, and I'd already seen him while we were playing aroun arlier. The massive scar and the healed burn on his chest had been ver isible on his olive skin. It was no wonder the kid never went shirtless ow that I knew I couldn't really blame him. I decided not to mention it.

"Sorry, there's no more room" Jacob said, grinning down at me. I send hi s smile back. He'd actually impressed me a little bit when his challeng o Jake had worked. He'd somehow gotten the shy Japanese boy to overcome  ear he had. Had he somehow gotten Jake to show him the scar? Whatever th wo of them had bonded over, my guess was their dysfunctional religiou amilies, had worked.

"That's alright, it's cold up there anyway." I said, winking at Jake wh as shivering a little already.

"It's fine." Jake said, his teeth clattering just a tiny bit.

"I'm gonna go in, in a moment." I said. "I just wanted to say I'm glad yo ecided to take off your shirt. I know that took a lot out of you." Even i he dim light I could see Jake blush a bit. At least he tightened his lip n a way that suggested he was blushing.

"Thanks." He said. "I'll stay out here a little longer." He said.

"Then I'll see you at the fire." I said, and turned to swim/walk to shore ut Jake called me back."

"Andre, wait!" He said. I turned to see him with a pretty resolute face omething. A face I hadn't seen him make before. He'd made up his min bout something.

"I... I have something we have to talk about. Something important." H aid. For a second, he and I held each other's gaze, before I shrugged an wam back to hear him out. Jacob looked back and forth between us. While  ocused on Jake and whatever he was going to tell me. Jake turned his hea o Jacob.

"I'll just..." he started and began wiggling, but Jacob put a hand on hi houlder.

"Nah I get it, private stuff." Jacob said and send me a smile, befor iggling out of the boat, leaving his seat to me.

"If you can think of a good challenge for me, come talk to me. Otherwis 'll find something a little more challenging in not too long." Jacob said.

"Thanks." Jake said. He looked almost excited at the prospect.

"Want some bonus points? Keep your shirt off till tomorrow." He said, an aved, before striding to shore.

"What's all that challenge stuff about." I asked, while trying to clim nto the boat. It was hard because the water was chest-deep and the boa as slippery but I managed, by making a single powerful jump and using th tring attached to the side to lob myself into the little pool of wate hey'd made in there. The result was that Jake fell backwards into the boa s well and was scuttling to sit up.

"It's nothing." Jake said shyly. "We were talking today, and he wanted t elp me get over my anxieties by posing challenges." He said.

"So, kinda like a game?" I asked. "And you get to challenge him back?"

"I guess." Jake said. "Although Jacob is fearless, I'd never find somethin e'd be embarrassed to do."

"He doesn't have many boundaries." I agreed. "But you can find something."

He scuttled around a little, so we were both sitting at each end of th oat. My legs were too long to fit in there when he sat at the other end o I propped them up on the inflated sides on each side and let them dangl nto the water, while huddled together. The fact that my position meant  as basically sitting like I was in a gynecologist bench, displaying m ock like this to my younger friend didn't even feel weird anymore.

"So, what's up?" I asked. Something about Jakes facial expression made me  ittle nervous. He wasn't looking down and to the side like he'd normall o. Rather he was looking at me resolutely as if he was getting ready t ay something important and uncomfortable.

"I... I need to tell you something. At first, we... we didn't want to tel ou, but..."

"Tell me what? Who's we?" I asked, before realizing I'd cut him off an uickly shut my lips so he could talk.

"Sebastian and I." He said. I listened intently; I had no idea what he wa alking about. "I just want to let you know, before I say anything that  on't mind. In fact, as long as you're happy I'm happy."

"What are you say..?" I said, feeling the blood drain from my face. An iro ist clamped around my gut as Jake's voice broke. The realization of hi ext words was paralyzing.

"Sebastian and I saw, what you and Matt were doing." He said.

"You saw...." My voice was like a mouse being squished with a hammer.  idn't even know I could make a sound like that. Jake didn't answer, to mbarrassed or scared to say anything. My cheeks were burning, my heart wa umping. I had been through some rough shit with this guy in the wee efore, and now it was like a wall of awkwardness was building betwee s. I had to prevent that.

"Listen... I'm sorry you had to see that." I said. "You did the righ hing..."

"I had to tell you. I couldn't walk around knowing. Looking you in th ye..." he said.

"I understand." I said, putting a hand on hia. I had to let him know  asn't mad. "What I meant was, it was right of you to walk away when i appened and then tell me now." He squirmed a little bit, not entirel omfortable with the touch, which stung a little. I knew Jakes parents wer onservative and that Jake might be very conflicted. Even if he himself wa etting a lot more comfortable around the other boys, Sebastian especially.

"But you're not gay." He said. "You have had girlfriends before right. Lot f them."

"I have." I agreed. I almost added. `And I've done it with a few girls  asn't dating.' But decided not to, it was not the right time to brag.

"It's a little complicated, man." I said, exhaling deeply and leaning bac nto the boat looking up on the starry sky. "The first time Matt and  ooled around; we were both drunk. We were alone and I asked a stupi uestion. Before I knew it, I was kissing him - it's so weird."

"So, it's more than once?" Jake asked, genuinely sounding surprised by th nowledge.

"Yea, a few times. Almost every day since we came here." I admitted. "I' orry I didn't tell you. I don't really think I understand it myself."

There were a few moments of silence between us. The awkwardness was fadin n and out. Jake didn't seem judgmental as far as I could tell. Just sh ut curious. Thinking back on my encounters with Matt made my dick throb nd I had to adjust my seat again. A boner right now would be unbearable.

"Is he your boyfriend?" He asked, curiously. Another question I didn' eally want to answer.

"Nah." I said. "It's not like that, I think. We're just really clos riends. It happens sometimes, you meet a friend that you can do stuf ith. Not necessarily that kind of stuff."

"He would be a good boyfriend I think." Jake squealed quietly, as if h asn't sure it was an ok thing to say.

"I'm glad you think so." I said. "I mean dating girls is... it's freakin omplicated ya' know. What Matt and I have. Whatever it is, it's no omplicated, ya' feel me?"

"So, you don't kiss, or hold hands? Like you do with girls?"

"It's... it's not like we don't do that." I said sheepishly.

"But you don't love him?"

"I..." I stopped. I couldn't bring myself to say that I didn't lov att. Not that I did... but... I had to shake my head to wipe the confusin hought from my mind.

"Andre?" Jake asked after several minutes of silence. There was only  liver of light left on the sky now, leaving his face in shade.

"How do you know if you are in love with someone?"

I took another 20 seconds before I could start to formulate an answer t hat question. Like I was supposed to be the expert. I'd had multipl irlfriends but right now I didn't feel like I knew the first thing abou eing in love.

"It's... just something you know." I said, not knowing what else t ay. I'd always just known. "Why do you ask?"

"Promise not to laugh?" Jake asked, he bit his lip in indecision.

"Of cause." It was obvious that what he was about to say was important an ifficult.

"Because I've talked to both Jacob and Sebastian, mostly Sebastian." Jak egan. "They've made me see that the things my parents have told me abou he world, about God and about relationships are... well just wrong."

"Jake?" I started but he just continued.

"They told me that when I was old enough, I'd find one of the girls fro he other people in our community that I would get married to, and the all in love with. But it's the other way around."

"Jake?" I repeated. I noticed he'd edged a little closer and his talkin ad started to spiral.

"If it's just something you know, then I already know who I love." Jak aid. "I love Sebastian, but I also love Jacob, I even love Matt... and  ove you. I need to know how to do these things."

I felt my chest fill up with warm feelings that I weren't used to. It mad e uneasy but also happy at the same time.

"Does Seb know how ya' feel?" I asked. I knew it wasn't a coincidence tha e'd mentioned Sebastian first. Jake nodded.

"It started as Sylvis and Gorm." He said. I couldn't see him flustering ut it was clear from his tone of voice. "We played with each other in  ot spring up on the mountain."

He talked for a long while, how he and Sebastian had climbed the mountain s explorers of the wilderness. I didn't understand the stuff about kobold nd lightning bolts, or the difference between those two but the underlyin tuff was clear enough. Sebastian had gotten under Jakes tough shel omehow and had slowly pried it open to find a beautiful young man i here.

"Did he touch you?" I asked, when Jake started having a hard time. It wa till hard for him to articulate some of his thoughts about certai hings. Jake nodded.

"Listen, Jake." I said, after taking some time to choose my word arefully. "What the two of you did, is perfectly normal. Jerking off wit our bro is, not something most guys talk about, but it happens all th ime. I gestured down between my spread legs and lifted up my dick whic ad hardened to a raging boner as we talked and was now pressing against m tomach, with the pink glands exposed. Jake watched as I presented m rection to him, as if he'd only now gotten permission to look at it. I le im satisfy his interest for a little bit, holding it up in the moonligh o he could see it. Then he looked at me with a goofy grin and spread hi wn legs which exposed his own significantly smaller erection. I didn' irectly tell him he could touch it, but I sort of pushed it forwar owards him as an invitation to explore. He didn't hesitate as I ha xpected but only scooted forward so his legs was squeezed between my bod nd the side of the boat. My cock gave a little jolt through my body whe is soft fingers took a hold and squeezed ever so slightly, which in tur ade my balls start prickling and shrivel. I was a little worried he' ecome hesitant because the drop of pre-cum that was forming in the sli nd would undoubtedly roll down my member at any time, but he didn' elent, he only rubbed the underside of the tip, where the frenulu onnected to the head, which made me inhale sharply.

"Seb likes it when I rub him there." He whispered giggling. "You're so muc igger than any of us."

"Black genes shine through." I said cockily, but he looked at me confuse s if he didn't know what I was talking about. I then remembered then h rew up in a conservative Christian community. He'd probably heard plent f stereotypes about black men, but maybe not that one.

"Never mind that." I said, sheepishly. "Matt's actually bigger than me dow here. I'm not actually that big, it's just cuz I'm a lil' older." I adde n an attempt to be modest. Not that it wasn't true.

"How did it even fit..." Jake asked but trailed off. A little of hi hyness returned when the subject returned to Matt and me having sex. H idn't let go of my cock, but he stopped actively caressing it

"Jee, you're really asking the wrong person here." I said sheepishly. " on't think it's as easy as it looked, but Matt has a lot of practic itting stuff up there. And you have to use some sort of lube. We used tha lippery fruit juice that Jacob is so fond of. It's practically perfect fo t.

"Does it hurt?"

"Again, Matt is the guy who knows about that stuff. But I Imagine it will ll though it didn't when Matt showed me..." I trailed off when I saw Jake onfused face.

"So here is the thing. Inside your butt there is a thing called th rostate." I said. I suddenly felt like I was back in health class, excep obody in any health class I'd ever heard off would tell boys about thei rostate or the fact that it could be stimulated. And nobody would b ouching your dick in the meantime. "If you rub against it with a ya' dic t feels real good for the guy ya' fucking." I said. "But putting ya' dic nside someone is gonna hurt and can be dangerous if ya' not bein areful."

"But I..." Jake said. "The thing you and Matt did. It looked like yo ere... it looked so..."

"Like we could never have be closer connected with each other?" I finishe is thought for him. It was exactly how I'd felt when I'd made love t att. Jake had instantly understood that part of what had been going on. H odded.

"It's true enough, it is a very intense and intimate." I said. "I want yo o experience that too but promise me you won't do anything too fast."  losed my hand around his hand, which was already closed around my penis.

"I need you to show me how to do it." He asked.

"Alright, but I need you to promise me that you won't try to do anal befor ou feel ready. And not before you and Seb have been properly prepared. N atter which one of you will... you know... take it."

"I promise." Jake whispered.

"Good." We send each other a reassuring smile. Then I felt him starting t ove his hand away from my dick, and instead scoot closer with his body s ur butts and balls were touching and our dicks were lined up next to eac ther, and both of us had our legs over each side of the boat.

"Yours really is a lot bigger than mine." He said whisperingly. We bot tarted tugging our own penises in a measured pace. I simply leaned bac nd stared up at the stars while steadily masturbating feeling the balls o y friend rub against mine, and his warm skin wherever we had contact i his chaotic mess of naked flesh. Jake was the first to cum after a lon eriod of silence. His smaller body tensed up and I heard him grunt and h eleased his seed. I took that as my cue to finish myself. I'd been goin teadily up and down and could have cummed earlier if I'd wanted to, bu his silent communal masturbation was so nice that I didn't want to rui t. With a sigh I let my orgasm wash over me and felt rope after rope o unny wet cum spray all over me. The intimacy, the lingering and th nticipation had built up an enormous orgasm that had been begging to b eleased for a long time now.

That evening was the first night on the Island where I went to be lone. After giving me a goodnight kiss on the cheek, Jake had joined Se n the hammock where the two of them were sharing a blanket. I imagine hey were wrapped tightly together, nude and swaddled like a shawarm rap. I didn't know where Matt decided to sleep tonight but wherever i as, it wasn't in the tent he and I now shared. I hoped he would be in  etter mood tomorrow.

[Tags: Masturbation]

