Date: Wed, 21 Oct 2020 17:35:17 +000 rom: Human Man <gladly11@hotmail.com ubject: Island, Chapter 3

Hello again. This chapter we'll take a look though the eyes of another boy ars this time. Enjoy

Disclaimer: This story is free fantasy, nothing in it ever happened and al haracters are made up and do not resemble any real person, living o ead... or undead (Woo spooktober)

This story includes a whole lot of irrisposible behaviour, and I do no ondone any of it. Including but not limited to: Sexual behaviour betwee ales younger than 16 years old, underaged drinking, nudity, swearing ublic urination, leaving teenagers unsupervised on a unspecfically locate ninhabited island, pop-culture references, compleate and utter disregar or STD prevention, some stuff you really shouldn't do with a camera, an ad jokes.

I kindly remind you that I am a stranger on the internet and anything yo ead is on your own risk.

If you like this story and feel like donating, you can. Not to me, I am  epraved person who writes erotic fiction with something that vaguel esembles a plot and then jerk off to the result. No, donate to Nift nstead, cuz they are great. There is a link for that here ttp://donate.nifty.org/

Lastly, I like the idea of adding Tags to a story so people know what the an expect to jerk off to, but I also find them to often be spoiling th tory a little. With that in mind I have decided to put these at the botto f the page, so if you need tags they can be found there.







Chapter 3: Lars - June 13th, Morning



I had been the first to get out of bed this morning. I had never been know o sleep much. Especially not in a tent, or in fact anywhere that where no y own bed back home. Usually I didn't leave my room doing the day, unles  had school, or I was out of the house by myself which I did often. Fo his reason, my parents had sent me here. They had told me that I neede xercise and that I needed to get over my computer-addiction, as the alled it. They of cause did not understand that I used the computer fo ocializing. I had a life on the Internet, more vivid ad complex than  ould ever have in real life.

I crawled out and was met with the most incredible sunrise I had seen in m ife. Since it was only about 6 am, I knew no one else would be up. Al ther guys my age slept till past noon if they had the chance, and I di ot plan on waking them up and spoil their precious sleep.

I didn't know why but I had always been satisfied with four or five hour f sleep a night. I didn't tell my parents of cause; I was not about t ive them a new excuse to go to the doctor and get me on some medication s  could be normal.

To amuse myself I grabbed my camera and decided to take some pictures o he camp and the island. It was the other great passion of my life, takin ictures. I had saved up a lot of money and bought myself a really goo amera. My parents didn't understand when I ever got to take any pictures ecause I never left my room down in the basement. What they didn't kno as that I sometimes liked to sneak out doing the night when I was suppose o be sleeping and take photos of the nightlife, people and scenery. Th est once I would edit and put on the internet.

I took a few snapshots of the camp and a few of the sea and of the sunrise o I would have a full documentation of where I had been and how beautifu t was.

After a while of that, I sat down and looked through the pictures, but tha uickly got boring. Normally I would have started my computer, checked som orums, watched YouTube or found some porn and jacked off. I liked lookin t pictured of naked guys, both young and older especially if the photo wa rtistic and/or natural. The day I found out I was into guys, was stil ery vivid in my memory. About two years ago I had been on one of m ightly walks where I had come across an open bathroom window, where a gu  little older than me had been showering and jacking off. He had not see e, but I had watched him with a raging boner while he pleasured himsel nd of cause I had taken pictures, which I still had, hidden away on  ecret flash drive. Since then I had experimented with gay porn and takin y own picture naked in the mirror, with an angle that hid my face. Some o hem I had put on the internet, just for the sexual thrill and had gotten  ot of comments, not all bad. I was normally pretty shy about my body ince I was so chubby and had a small dick.

I started to think of the three guys who had taken off all their clothe nd just been naked for no reason last night. That was just the kind o hing that made me crazy horny and I had been so nervous that they woul ee my boner. My dick started to harden as I realized they were probabl till naked, since they had gone to bed like that. I looked at my camera.  ould easily take some pictures of them, while they were sleeping, but wha f one of them woke up? I grabbed my camera and quietly moved over t artin and Jacobs tent almost holding my breath. Both of them had gone t ed naked and with a little luck I could snatch a couple of pictures.  new what I was doing was wrong, and I took a few moments to play out th attle between my morals and my curious and horny self.

With very slow and careful hand I zipped down the entrance to the tent ust enough to look inside. There was no point in risking them waking up f there where nothing to gain. I immediately saw that I had scor ackpot. Both boys were still naked and both sleeping with no coverage robably because of the heat in the tent. Martin was lying on his back wit ne hand on top of his stomach and the other behind his head. His dick wa oth longer and thicker than my own and it was lying with the underside u longside his hipbone, pointing towards where Jacob was lying. He had  mall patch of blond hair and his balls where round and hung downward etween his legs. Next to him Jacob was on his stomach, so I had a fin iew of his perfect smooth round ass. Not only that but his dick was als alfway visible, sticking out from under him. I zipped down a couple mor nches and stuck my camera lens inside, and took a few pics making sure no o use the blitz even though the picture would probably had been bette ith it. There was no point in waking them up with flashes of light. B efault, I kept camera sounds off since they distracted the people, I too ictures off a probably drained the battery faster anyway. I watched them  ouple more seconds while groping myself outside the underwear.

I was wearing the same t-shirt and boxer-briefs that I had gone to bed in nd now my dick was making a major bulge in them. I had always thought tha y dick was too small, even though according to the statistics, i asn't. I didn't have pubic hair, since I had shaved them off. It was a ttempt to make my dick look bigger, but it also felt better with no hai n it.

I closed the tent and groped myself some more. I was sweating and th ension was making my heart race. I wasn't done yet. High on my ow drenaline I silently rushed over to Matt and Sebastian's tent, and zippe own just an inch. I was not quite as lucky this time, but I knew there ha een no chance with Matt since he had not gone to bed naked. Furthermore e was covered with a thin blanket, that I could not risk removing. He wa hirtless though and very good looking. Sebastian on the other hand wa nother story. He was also sleeping with a cover, but he had dragged it u o his navel leaving his whole lower body salivating visible. Sebastian' rown hairless dick was resting between his balls and his right lap.  uickly took a couple of pictures of them as well before standing for jus  few seconds groping myself to the sight. It was a few seconds too many.  elt the orgasm coming on, but I did not stop fondling myself in time t top it. Just as I thought the orgasm would fade away it rushed back and  ame with a surprising force and almost moaned loudly. Then I felt how  illed my underwear with a huge amount of cum that soaked them completely ripping down into the sand.

I must have squirted at least eight times. I don't know why but I alway roduced big loads of cum, even when I wasn't that horny. Adding that t he fact that I had not jacked off in two days since we had been travelin or that long with limited privacy, which made me crazy horny. This mad he load bigger than usual. All this added together to a wet mess of thi unny ejaculate to the point where I might as well have pissed myself.

I quickly snagged off my underwear and rushed back to the tent I share ith Thor, where I quickly and silently grabbed a pair of fresh underwea rom my bag which luckily was just within arm's reach, and concealing th perm-soaked ones in a garbage bag I was using as laundry basket. While i here my eyes fell on Thor who was still sleeping soundly, wearing only  air of boxers.

Thor was probably the hottest guy I had ever met. Sporty tall with bulgin uscles, wide shoulders and a kind square jawed face. I wanted to see hi aked so bad but right now, just after cumming, a portion of my good sense ad returned and that seemed way too risky. I was already feeling kind o uilty about spying on the others like that and taking pictures. I though bout deleting them but instead I left my camera in the tent and went dow o the water and washed myself free from sperm before putting on the fres nderwear. After a few hours of complete and udder boredom, where all  ould think off was drawing and writing in the sand with a stick, I decide o make breakfast for everybody – why not. It was now 9 am so they coul ither get out of bed and eat it, or they could keep sleeping if the anted, but I was hungry. On a small camping propane stove that I found i he shed, I cooked some oatmeal and went around to everybody this tim eliberately waking them up. Only Martin covered himself in reflex when  tuck in my head. Him sobering up had apparently restored some of hi ecency. Sebastian didn't even seem to notice he was naked, and Jacob jus lat out did not care. It seemed that the alcohol had not been the ke actor in his shamelessness. I envied them a little. I felt like I woul ever been able to be naked in front of others like that, even though  new it would feel amazing.

A few minutes after we had all gotten up and sat around the table, al ating. Some had been more eager to get out of bed than others. Thor an artin both got up without much problem. Sebastian and Matt both seeme ired for some reason and Jacob had to be dragged out by the feet by hi ent mate. It was quite a spectacle to see a half-naked guy haul anothe aked guy out of their shared tent, by his feet. Martin had put on som nderwear and he, Thor, Matt and I all ate in our undies, with me being th nly one in a t-shirt. Jacob and Sebastian where both still in th ude. Coincidentally I got to sit between them, and it was pretty hard t eep my eyes front and my dick soft, but I succeeded – probably onl ecause I had cum so recently.

  

The following afternoon, absolutely nothing happened. The sun had bee xtremely powerful all day and I could do nothing more than be in th hade. Out of desperation I had found the book, that my mom had pressure e to bring along. We didn't know whether or not someone adult would come  heck on us, but at some point, they were bound to show up. I didn't thin t would be legal just to leave us here. Then again, we were in a group o slands in the middle of nowhere. That kind of laws probably didn't exis ere. I slammed together my book and leaned my head back towards th ench. I was sitting in the sand under the shade, wearing my black swimmin runks and an equally black t-shirt. What I wouldn't give for just te inutes on the internet. I felt like I would die to see a YouTube video o aybe just a few minutes of porn. The others had gone somewhere, probabl wimming or some other physical activity. I wasn't bored enough to d ports and the sun was too much, so I had passed it up.

The only one still in the camp was Thor who was lying on his towel in th un, apparently just tanning. From what I had observed that guy could slee ll day if he wanted to. I was once again reminded how good looking h as. He was only wearing a pair of shorts and sunglasses and all hi ulging muscles where clearly defined under his skin. He had told me tha e did a lot of sport which was probably the cause. I suddenly got the ide o take some pictures again. This was always my first impulse when I sa omething magnificent and the picture would just be perfect from thi ngle. I went over and grabbed my camera, where I had left it this mornin nd scooted back, not wanting to make a sound. I was pretty sure that Tho as asleep, but you couldn't be too careful. It took me only a few second o capture a 4 or 5 good pictures, but it wasn't enough. I had thought tha ith the others' `clothing optional' thing going on, it would not be lon efore I got to see all of the Thor that I wanted, but that could tak ays, or never happen, depending on how shy Thor was. I had resisted onc efore, earlier today, but I knew that this time it would be impossible t o so.

I moved slowly. I could feel the hot sand burn just on the edge of what wa omfortable, as I neared with agonizingly slow steps. I took care not t tand over him in a way that would shade him from the sun. Then I took  limpse at the battlefield. Thor's shorts were held together with a thic range string around the waist, bound together so all I would have to d as pull one string. That part looked easy enough. Other than that, the fl as kept closed by a cheap plastic zipper. A little more challenging sinc hat one might make noise. I decided that it was worth the risk and took  ide glance towards his face. He still looked and breathed like he wa ound asleep. With a careful hand I reached out and slowly pulled the righ tring, instantly untying the knot. I paused for a second, to make sure  as still safe. There was still time to abort the mission, but I shook of hat thought. I wanted to see so bad. I could feel my own raging bone lready scraping against my own shorts. I grabbed he zipper with my hand nd slowly pulled it down one hook by one. At last I had reached the en nd I paused. The point of no return. My heart was beating so fast I wa lmost sure I would get a heart attack. It was now or never so reached ou nce more and brushed the flaps aside.

The sight made my heart skip a beat and my dick throb even harder. Thor' ick was not at all what I had expected. I had pictured a huge cock with  ush of furry hair on it. Instead I got something even better. It wa ctually more or less the same size as mine, in fact it might even hav een a little smaller. Even more surprising there wasn't a hair i ight. Apparently, he too had shaved them all off leaving his dick an alls smooth. I stared for a long time before I lifted the camera. I had t ave a picture of this, and then go rub one out. This was amazing. I shot  ew frames, then lowered the camera again. Then I realized that I woul ave to close him up again otherwise he'd be suspicious. This was somethin  hadn't thought about. How would I do that without waking him?

I decided just to zip him up. It seemed plausible that a knot like tha ould open itself randomly, when you moved about. I reached out and wa ust about to grab the zipper, when an impulse I could not control grabbe y arm. I had to touch it, just for a second. With a quick glance at hi ace, making sure he still slept, I gently stroke my hand over his sof enis skin, feeling a wave of danger and ecstasy. Then I felt Thor do th ame, he trebled just a little and sat up sharply as if he gotten a lectric shock. He looked at me with big eyes, like he wasn't sure what wa oing on. His sunglasses had fallen off his face and landed on his towel.  tared at his face for a second then did the only thing I could think of.  urned tails and ran.



[Masturbation, voyeurism, nudity, doing stuff to people in their sleep]

