Date: Tue, 12 Jan 2021 13:29:15 +000 rom: Human Man <gladly11@hotmail.com ubject: Island, Chapter 23

And here I thought I had already uploaded this chapter. I am s catterbrained sometimes.

In other news, someone actually like the story so much they made fanart.  an't belive how well recived this story has been. I haven't been able t ind a way to link to the images yet, so for now if people want to see the  will send them upon request.


Disclaimer: This story is free fantasy, nothing in it ever happened and al haracters are made up and do not resemble any real person, living or dead.

This story includes a whole lot of irrisposible behaviour, and I do no ondone any of it. Including but not limited to: Sexual behaviour betwee ales younger than 16 years old, underaged drinking, nudity, swearing ublic urination, leaving teenagers unsupervised on a unspecfically locate ninhabited island, pop-culture references, compleate and utter disregar or STD prevention, some stuff you really shouldn't do with a camera ating or otherwise inserting into yourself unfamiliar fruits you find i ature, an (at this point) unhealthily lax attitude towards hyginge unning around a dark deserted island in the middle of the night, sexua olestation of artwork, and bad jokes... also no social distancing.

I kindly remind you that I am a stranger on the internet and anything yo ead is at your own risk.

If you like this story and feel like donating, you can. Not to me, I am  epraved person who writes erotic fiction with something that vaguel esembles a plot and then jerk off to the result. No, donate to Nift nstead, cuz they are great. There is a link for that here ttp://donate.nifty.org/

Lastly, I like the idea of adding Tags to a story so people know what the an expect to jerk off to, but I also find them to often be spoiling th tory a little. With that in mind I have decided to put these at the botto f the page, so if you need tags they can be found there.







Chapter 23: Sebastian, June 18th - Morning





The water was absolutely delightful on my naked skin, and I fel orward. It was cold sure, but after a night with this hot weather an aying so close to another warm body under a blanket, not wanting to mov n inch despite both heat, cramp and the slow loss of feeling in one of m rms. It was only when the same body landed on top of me in the water, onl eparated by a t-shirt that should have been washed days ago that  esurfaced to send a grin his way.

Jake resurfaced the second after, rubbing the saltwater from his eyes an haking his long black hair. I didn't give him time to recover before  umped into him and we both tumbled into the crystal water once again hirling up sand and probably scaring away every fish for miles.

"Stop it, Gorm!" Jake giggled as I ticked him, one hand tugged u nderneath his shirt while the other one was around his butt to prevent hi scaping. A wonderful reminder that he wasn't wearing a bathing suit o nderwear. This was as close as Jake got to skinny dipping like I was. Du o the scar on his chest, he didn't like being shirtless unless we wer lone and unlikely to be disturbed. I gave him a little time to breath an nstead studied his beautiful facial features, as he recovered.



"I think we... we... woke Matt." He said between breaths and looked over m houlder. I had my back to the beach, so I turned my head to see what h as seeing. I hadn't even noticed him as we were running towards th ater. I saw the collection of blankets, that Jake and I had used a fe ights back and I saw the back of Matt in his loincloth walk quickly an esolutely up the beach towards camp. Even from behind I could tell he wa n a bad mood.



"Was he sleeping on the beach?" I asked stupidly and turned back toward ake.



"Apparently." Jake said. Under the water, he took my hand and leaned in t lan a soft kiss directly on my lips. The sudden kiss stunned me for  oment, and I looked into his brown eyes dumbfounded. I had completel orgotten that he and I, despite sleeping naked together in a hammock al ight, and sharing several intimate experiences over the last few days, ha ore or less accidentally declared a mutual love for each other. Jake ha ecome my boyfriend. We hadn't used that word specifically, but I kne t. Either that or it was Gorm and Sylvis, our fantasy alter-egos that ha otten together, it was probably both.



"What?" Jake asked.



"Nothing." I said with a blissful smile appearing on my face. "I just lov hen you do that." I leaned in to give Jake a kiss back, and we share nother second of silky lips touching before breaking off, not daring to d t too much where other could potentially see it.



"I should probably go talk to Matt." I said. I turned to look up the beac here Matt had disappeared. I felt bad that we'd woken him up and wa etting worried about his mood. I had managed to cheer him up a little bi ast night, but not much.



"He's been mad at Martin and the others for a while now." Jake said utting his arms around me from behind and resting his chin on m houlder. I could feel his soft but very prominent penis press against m mooth butt, and fleetingly thought about how unthinkable a touch like tha ould have been before we came to this island.



"I don't want them to be fighting." I said. "We're supposed to be a team artin is being a jerk."



"I wonder what it is he doesn't want to show us." Jake said. He took a fe trides in the water and looked down the beach, tilting his head a little.



"They always tend to come from that direction, but I wonder if it's in th orest or if it's on the mountain side of the island.



"Definitely on the mountain." I said. "I doubt there is much in the fores hat we haven't found, we've been in there a lot.



"Yes, but it's bigger than I first thought." Jake said. "I'm pretty sur t's in the mountains too, though."



"If they don't show us soon, it might just be another adventure for Gor nd Sylvis." I said grinning at my boyfriend.



"And possibly... Matt." I said, pausing since we didn't have a name fo att in our mutual games, and had to use his real name instead.



"We could bring him too, if he wanted." Jake said, sounding a little lik e wasn't sure he wanted him along, but didn't want to admit it. "Not sur e wants to play games with us though."



"Matt is not boring you know." I said. Even with the last two days in mind  still felt some loyalty towards Matt, he and I had been on very goo erms ever since we came to this island. He was probably the main reaso or my sexual awakening too, but I wasn't going to mention that.



"He needs us. What do you think he'd be in a D&D setting?" I continued.



"Paladin." Jake suggested with a shrug. I made a face suggesting I didn' uite agree. Matt liked to keep things in order, but Paladins, thoug owerful, were notoriously for sticking to the rules and never lettin nyone have fun.

There was a little bit of silence between us, but I was determined not t ake it an issue. I could understand why Jake was reluctant, he didn't lik onflict.



"I'll go talk to him." I said, and kissed him fleetingly on the cheek. "I ndre is up maybe we can bring him too. When I have talked to him, we ca eet up on the beach and go." The mention of Andre lit up Jake's face wit  smile. We both waded into out of the water. Neither of us really wante o let go of the other one's hand when we walked so, we took the long wa round following the beach and heading into the woods on our way back. Tha ay we could pick up a fruit or two to have with our breakfast. I als emembered having seen Martin and Thor lounging in the sand halfway to th each from camp and despite how nobody seemed to mind closeness that muc n this island, we felt that maybe holding hands when walking around woul e a little much.

Back at camp Matt was poking a bowl of cereal with a spoon, with  isgruntled look on his face.



"Morning." I said carefully sitting down on the other side of the table ith Jake next to me without a word. Matt's mood naturally made Jake docil nd quiet. Matt's response mostly consisted of a sound that could vaguel e interpreted as "good morning." Not a particularly good start on  onversation. He had thrown on a T-shirt and boxer-briefs.

In an attempt to get him to talk I leaned over the table after tearing ope  fruit and poured the sweet inner nectar over Matt's breakfast, befor rinking the rest directly from the husk, digging my nails into the skin s he slippery fruit didn't slip through my fingers.



"I don't want that stuff." He said irritably, dropping his spoon into th eal, sending flakes and conserved milk flying.



"But you drink it all the time." I said, a little taken back with ho ggressive he was.



"Not anymore." He said and pushed the bowl away. "That stuff messes with m ead."



"What are you talking about?" I asked, scooping out some pulp with tw ingers and offering it to Jake, who shoved it in his mouth directly fro y hand, so he didn't have to talk. His brown eyes darted nervously bac nd forth between me and Matt.

Curiously enough Matt looked almost hesitantly at Jake before he responded.



"It just does." He said. "I knew it was a bad idea to eat strange jungl ruit and I was right." He got up from his seat and turned to walk into th orest.



"Where are you going?" Jake asked unexpectantly.



"I'm gonna take a leak." He replied and stomped off. I rolled my eyes otated my bare butt on the bench, and got up to follow him, leaving m ruit on the table. With Matts back turned and nobody else at the camp  ared to give Jake a quick kiss on top of the head.



"Look, I'm sorry we woke you up." I said, following him into the forest.



"I don't care about that." Matt said, still sounding unreasonabl rritable. "I just need to pee; I'll be right back." I watched him fro ehind as he dragged his underwear down around his thighs, exposing hi elatively muscular butt to me, and sighed as he relived himself up agains  tree, pulling his neck back. Casually I strolled up next to him an ooked down at his massive exposed dick, his foreskin pealed back and hel n place with one hand, while the other was absentmindedly combing throug is hair. I didn't really have to pee, but it felt a little weird standin ere watching him go, despite the fact that I openly looked at everyon lse when they were naked, all the time. Matt was a special case in tha epartment. It wasn't to say I couldn't squeeze out a little bit of pee i  had to, so I took up position next to him and let out what I could scrap ogether.

I had gotten into the habit of not holding on to my dick when I pee nymore, instead I crossed my arms over my chest and just started peein hile standing next to Matt.



"It's been a while since we talked properly." I said, trying to get th onversation going. With Matt you sometimes had to keep pushing.



"Yea." Matt said. "You've mostly hung out with Jake." his tone didn' uggest that there was anything wrong with that, but there was stil omething bugging him.



"You've been hanging out with Andre." I said. "But that doesn't mean w ren't still friends, right?"



"Of cause not." Matt said. "I'm sorry of I snapped at you, I just didn' leep well last night."



"Because of the place Martin and Jacob found?" I asked.



"I don't care about that." Matt said as he finished and pulled hi nderwear back up. "I just don't..." He stopped and just huffed as if h ouldn't find the right words to finish his sentence.



"You wanna take a walk and talk about it?" I asked. He winced a little whe  put my hand on his arms, but he didn't pull away."



"I don't know." He said. "Don't you need to get back to Jake."



"He's fine." I said. "He said he could use some alone time anyway."  mprovised.



"So how are you doing with Andre?" I asked. Right now, might not be th ight time to talk about Andre but it had been a long time since I ha pent any time alone with Matt, so I had to at least ease him into th onversation.



"Not sure what you mean." Matt said. "We hang out a lot, but I'm stil etting to know him, like everyone else here. But at least he's not a sshole like some people I could mention." He bit his lip and looke itter. However, I didn't let him turn the conversation to his fight wit artin.



"Andre really is a nice guy." I said. "I like him to, and he's so good o is guitar." When Matts only response was a grunt, I decided t iguratively poke him in the ribs a little. I couldn't quite whisper him i he ear, so instead I leaned in conspiratorially and murmured.



"Have you seen how big his thing is?"

For the first time in days I saw the hint of a smile on Matt's face couple ith a snicker and a sheen of rose on his cheeks.



"Stop it." He said, half sincerely half playfully.



"Come on, have you?"



"Yes, of cause I have." Matt said with a tone much less dismissive tha efore. "Can hardly avoid it, can I? And he is not that big."



"Not as big as you?" I grinned and took his hand dragging him along on th ath. I took a look at the significant bulge in his underwear. I knew tha f I kept on topic, he would get hard in no time making him tent.



"There is more to people than the size of their dicks you know." He sai nd I dragged him along. "Where are we going?"



"Obviously. I just wanted to know what you thought of him. Do you lik im?" I said, choosing not to address his last question, as it answere tself. More or less subconsciously we had walked to the little grass learing with the flat rock where I had first found Matt playing wit imself, alone. It was also where I had seen him do it with Andre. I jumpe nto the stony centerpiece like a mountain goat and turned to look at him ands at my side and naked like a Greek hero. A little too much of Gorm' utward heroic personality had worked itself into my own with all the tim  had spent playing with Jake.



"Of cause I like him." Matt said. "He's a real good friend and he...  on't know we just get along well." I snickered and sat down on the war tone on my bare butt.



"I meant. Do you like-like him?" I asked.

At my question I could see him breathe in and make a face as if he wa bout to say something. Knowing Matt he had probably been just about t eny, but something made him reluctant to say it. If it was the look on m ace that had done it, or if it was some sort of gnawing honesty in him,  idn't know.



"Look it's not that I..." He said but stopped and looked around as if t isually find a way to explain what he wanted. "He and I..." He tried agai nd once again trailed off.



"It's ok if you like him." I said. "I know it's not the same with us."

He looked at me for a little while. I could see his eyes travel over m aked body, but I wasn't sure I understood the look in his eyes.



"Seb, do you remember that day when we, you know." He began.



"Yea." I said. He and I had never really talked about the day where we ha lept together. But I still remembered how it had felt to have the olde arger boy underneath me and the incredible feeling of being inside him hrusting my dick into his moist hole. Especially how every little twitc n his body had send pleasure up into mine. Matt had enjoyed it too, I wa ure of it, but we hadn't really talked about it. It was probably all th ame. Two days ago, I wasn't sure I would have had the guts to talk abou t. It was only when I had gotten together with Jake, I had really gotte nough confidence in myself to really speak about these things so casually.



"You have been doing that with Andre." I blurted out. I knew that was wha e was going to say, and I had to say it. I had to tell him that I had see t.



"... Yea." Matt said not catching on. "I... it was the first night he an ake was here and... it just happened."

I bit my lip. It had been my intention to tell him that I knew all alon nd hadn't just guessed it from the context. Now I really didn't know ho o tell him without making it worse.

Matt took my expression for disappointment, or possibly even hurt, becaus e quickly started to apologize.



"Look, Seb I am really, really sorry." He said. "I know I should have tol ou, but it all happened so quickly and we hadn't..."



"No no no, Matt." I said quickly, scooting down from the stone and wrappin oth arms around his chest, leaning my head. The fact that I had a bone rom thinking about the time we had sex, and that it was poking into hi high didn't bother me.



"Matt, I'm not mad at all, ok." I said. "I'm really glad."



"I... I know but." He said. "What we did was really good, and I liked it ut it wasn't like romantic, not for me at least."



"I never thought of it that way." I said. "I mean I know people who lov ach other, are usually the people who does that, and it's not that I don' ove you in some way... but not like that."

Matt sighed and put his arms around me.



"Good." He said. "I love you too Seb, but it's not really the same. You'r ike a..."



"Little brother?" I suggested.



"No that's a little weird but I think that's the closest I can get t escribing it." Matt said. We both sat down into the grass, after we wer one hugging.



"I'm really glad you're ok with it." Matt said. "I guess I was a littl orried you'd be jealous or something." I send him a cheeky smile and jus ettled myself in the grass. We spend a few blissful moments listening t he sounds of nature. Animals chirping in the forest and the wind blowin hough leaves.



"Matt?" I asked, not sure he had fallen asleep in the grass next to me. Hi reath was slow and steady.



"Hmmm." He hummed, signaling he was listening.



"Are you still mad at Martin?" I asked. I knew this question had th otential to ruin our good moments together, but it was something else  ould feel Matt needed to talk about. True enough the deep sigh from m lder friend was full of pent up frustration.



"I am not mad at Martin; I am just tired of his bullshit." Matt said. "I' ired of him trying to be mysterious and sacred and act as if being nake s so important."



"You don't mind being naked around me or Andre." I said. "Why not just ge aked more if it's so important to him?"



"I don't like being naked around people I am not totally comfortable with. att said. "I like being naked but not around most of the people on thi sland, even if they flash their dicks at every opportunity." His tone go arsher the more he spoke until he suddenly realized he was nagging at m nd recoiled. "Sorry, Seb. It's not you I mean. I don't mind that you ar aked. I like seeing you."

I scooted a little closer to him and placed my hand on his chest, grabbin  handful of his t-shirt.



"I know." I said. "It's just that I like seeing you naked too. So doe ndre I bet. You could always just do it for him."



"I guess." Matt said. "Just not all the time. But I am also annoyed abou artin not showing the rest of is the places he has found so that we ca ook them over for clues, and so that the rest of us get to enjoy them."



"Then take your clothes off now, when it's just me." I said. "Let's go fin ndre and Jake and spend the day with them, without the others." Mat aised his head and looked at me, as if he didn't quite get it.



"Come on, Matt. You love being naked. I know it." I said. "I have a place  ant to show you."





It was almost enchanting to see Matt's naked body once again. It was lik eeing a rare and precious animal in the woods. He had first removed hi -shirt, exposing the tight flat muscles of his stomach and chest. He ha hen hesitated for just a moment before pulling down the boxer-brief xposing his meaty flaccid cock to the late morning air. It hung heavil etween his legs among short light pubic hair.



"What?" He looked up and noticed that I was staring.



"Nothing." I said, not being able to hide a smile. "Come on. I know wher ake was going."

We took off in the direction of the beach. I wasn't actually entirely sur here Jake was, but I knew where you could usually find him when he wa anging out alone. Knowing him, he was with Andre somewhere. Matt wa arrying his clothes balled up under one arm. He looked somewha ncomfortable walking through the forest without a thread. He was so unuse o it that he kept covering himself with the discarded clothes just out o nstinct.



"What is it you wanted to show me?" Matt said, impatiently. He was walkin ehind me. Being bigger and not as nimble as I was, he had a harder tim etting between the foliage, on this part of the path. Doing my many walk round the island I had gotten very familiar with the forest and knew wher very path led. Even those that had been almost invisible to me when we ha irst arrived.



"Something Jake and I found." I said. "It's a little bit of a walk and it' p on the mountain, but it's worth the trip. We just need to get Jake."

We found him roughly where I had expected to find him, when we emerged fro he forest. I ran out of the bushes confidently looking around for m oyfriend while Matt was hesitant to go out into the open as he were.  oticed that this was the part of the beach where Jake and I had firs alked to each other. About 30 or 40 meters further down the beach Jake wa quealing with delight and concentration. From the looks of it he was doin  handstand in the soft beach sand while Andre was standing behind hi olding his younger friend by the ankles, so he didn't topple over. Thi orning Andre was wearing the same loose basketball tank top he had bee earing for the last few days and loose basketball shorts that hung low o is pubic bone exposing the top part of his sparse pubic hair.  Jake wa specially enticing to look at in this position. His T-shirt was fallin own exposing his stomach and his position showed off his naked crotch ith his little dick hanging down towards his belly exposing his smoot ulbous ball sack. The sight sent little sparks of longing for him throug y own nether regions and I felt the onset of an erection coming on. T istract myself a little I started running towards them.



"Seb!" Jake shouted resulting in him toppling over in the sand, managing t ecover and get to his feet before I got to them.



"Heey!" I shouted back before getting to him, and giving him a hug. "Wha ere you doing? Hey Andre."



"Mornin' Seb." Andre said. "We were just...." the rest of his words wer rowned out by a yawn. I didn't think he'd been up for very long.



"Andre was just teaching me how to do a handstand." Jake said. "Wanna see? e didn't get any further before Andre saw Matt coming closer behin e. His face lighting up. There was no doubt in my mind he was enticed b att's naked body.



"Heeey Man." Andre said. "What got you all outta your threads." He asked.



"Morning Andre." Matt mumbled. "It was Seb's idea. I think I'm just gonn ut it back on."



"No man, It's just us here." Andre said. From the look of his face ove ndre's shoulder, Matt had not expected the tight morning hug and th layful smack on the butt Andre gave him. "Why not get some sun on tha weet butt of yours."



"Andre!" Matt said in an admonishing tone, with a very telling glace a ake and me. The two of us just looked at each other as if we weren' istening to them but couldn't quite hide our smug grins.



"Like the two of them is gonna judge us on stuff like that." Andre said, i  low voice. I tried acting like I didn't hear him.



"Did you tell him." Jake mouthed at me, facing away from Andre and Matt s hey wouldn't see. I wasn't quite sure how to respond. I hadn't quite tol att about everything, mostly because he had shared his secrets with me efore I got to tell him. I made a tilting gesture in the air with my han nd send him a not quite satisfied facial expression.



"What's that?" I asked, only fleetingly noticing Jakes mute expression o uriosity for what I had tried to signal. I pointed to the towel tha omeone had tied together in a makeshift bag. It looked to be quite full.



"Jake and I packed a lunch." Andre said, my question had attracted th ttention of the two others. "He said you wanted to go to the mountai oday, and asked if I wanted to come too, and that Matt might come. So,  igured we might as well pack some stuff."



"You still didn't say where we were going though." Matt said. He was stil olding his clothes against his crotch, despite everything.



"It's a surprise." I said, casually placing both hands behind m ead. "Jake and I found it and wanted to show you first, since Martin an he others were being jerks about their places." I noticed Jake was lookin t me with large eyes, but he didn't comment. The words seem to light u atts face even more than I had already managed.



"Why didn't you mention it before?" Andre said.



"I..." I started but trailed off. I really didn't have a good answer. Th ruth was that we'd wanted to keep it to ourselves for a while but hadn' ven been up there since and now keeping it to ourselves sounded like  tupid selfish thing to do. Especially given the magnitude of the place.



"It doesn't matter." Matt said, awkwardly picking up the lunch pack wit is free hand, while still covering himself with his discarde lothes. "Let's go have a look."



"Yes, just a second." Andre said, and pulled the tank top over hi ead. "If Matt is down for a nudist hike, I am not missing out." He tosse is tank top aside and pulled down his shorts, letting his long chubb lack cock out in the open. He had been going commando. I watched a veryone's eyes settled on it for a while. His shaft was glistening wit race sweat, the head was poking slightly out of the foreskin and the ball ere handing low due to the heat. He casually tossed his clothes far u nto the beach and placed both hands readily on his hips, a goofy smile o is face.



"Oh, yea I was just going to put this back on." Matt said tamely with  iny voice, his face reddening as his eyes was doing the elevator tilt u ndre's body.



"Nu-uh." Andre said confidently and snatched the ball of clothes out o att's hand and tossed them in the same direction as his own. "Come on att. You love being nude when it's just us. Ain't got nothing we haven' een before." He stopped before he got any further when he saw the massiv oner Matt had been hiding behind the balled-up fabric.

It had been a while since I had seen Matt with a full-on boner. He was ver rone to getting spontaneous chubs which could sometimes be seen throug is clothes, even when he was trying to hide it. Even still, I had bot een and held it in my hands before, not to mention felt it against m bdomen that one time where we had experimented together. Even so, seein t like this still took my breath away, as to how big it actually got. Th ight alone sent a spark down into my balls making them retract slightly i nticipation of sprouting a hardon myself. But unlike Matt I wasn' mbarrassed about it anymore. Jake who probably hadn't seen Matt naked ver uch in the first place, and probably hadn't ever gotten a good look a att's hardon was staring openly at it with big eyes.



"Eh... I'm, I'm sorry." Matt said, his face was like a tomato. I couldn' elp but get a little amused by his level of bashfulness. The fact that h ould stand in front of two people he had slept with and still ge mbarrassed by a surprise boner, was baffling. Then again, maybe it wa akes presence coupled with his wide-eyed staring that made him lose hi omposure.



"Come on Matt, really?" Andre said indulgingly with a compassionat mile. "You still embarrassed about that?"



"I can't help it, it keeps happening." Matt said.



"I seem to remember Thor making a rule about that." I said. "It doesn' ean anything, see." I pointed down towards my own cock which was alread ore than halfway to full mast. Unlike Matt's cock, my foreskin didn' etract when I boned up, because I had so much of it and it didn't get t nything like the size he was sporting but just curved upward in a gentl lope, a state it would surely reach within the next few seconds.



"I know the rule, it doesn't..." Matt started but stopped short when Andr ushed Matts boner down with a finger making it slap audibly against hi bdomen, saying "boop!"



"Andre, don't do... Andre!" Matt said and started running as his secre over started chasing him down the beach, trying to boop his boner. He wa t a disadvantage since he was carrying the lunch pack in one hand, whil rying to cover his genitals with the other.

Jake and I watched them go for a second before we looked at each other wit ig crooked smiles and then giving chase too, yelling. "Get him!"





The chase ended several minutes later. At this point Matt had hastil laced the food pack in the sand so he wasn't hindered by it, in hi ttempts to outrun Andre and the rest of us.

Jake had swooped down to pick up the sack and I had slowed a little so h ould keep up. Jake and I were in better shape than Matt, but he had longe egs and probably some excess adrenaline to draw on. On the other hand, th mateur basketball player was both in shape and had long legs. After a fai it of dodging to and fro, Andre managed to pin the thrashing Matt in th and, holding down his arms.

"Andre get off." Matt squealed and thrashed some more. His still hard coc hrashed around with him. Instead the black boy leaned forward toward atts face and gave him a hard kiss on the mouth, that made him struggl ide eyed in apparent disbelief.



"ANDRE!" Matt said shocked, as if he couldn't believe what had jus appened. Jake stopped in his tracks when he saw it and stared at th pectacle. "What the f... dude!" He turned his head to look at Jake an e. Andre just got to his feet and held a hand out to Matt, which h gnored getting to his feet.



"Don't do that in front of people!" He said though gridded teeth in  ushed tone which he probably hoped the two of us couldn't hear.



"Matt, they both know about us. I told Jake last night; he said Sebastia nows too." Andre took Matts hand and started walking again. Matt didn' rab hold, but he didn't shake his hand off either.



"You told Jake?" Matt asked.



"Yes." Andre said. "I'm sorry but he and Seb has known for a while befor hat..."



"We saw the two of you together." I chimed in, coming up on Matt's othe ide, grabbing his other free hand. I wanted to be the one to tell him ince I knew I should have done it an hour ago. "I know I should have tol ou but you told me about it before I had a chance to tell you, that  lready knew." I watched his face closely to make sure he wasn't going t et mad at me. It wasn't the first time I had caught Matt doing things. Th eassurance came when he huffed slightly and grasped my hand tightly.



"We have got to stop using that stone as our meeting spot." He said dril s he let go of Andre's hand and instead snug it around his waist. On th ther side of Andre, Jake had leaned into his older friend, and Andre wa ightly caressing my boyfriend's long hair. We kept walking like this for  hile. It was a strange warm feeling of closeness that you'd never normall et from guy friends, and I loved every minute of it. I quickly notice hat Matt's cock had gone down and was now lazily bouncing from thigh t high as he walked slowly through the sand. Mine had gone down ages ago an ould probably pop again at any time, especially now that I was thinkin bout it. I tried not to look too much at Matts nudity though. It migh ake him hard and I didn't want him to get embarrassed again.





When we reached the mountainous area, the path got too narrow for us all o we had to split into single file. Given that I was the pathfinder,  ook point and nimbly climbed over a boulder. I only vaguely knew whic irection to go, so I sought towards the center of the mountain, even i hat took us off the path once or twice. Luckily Sylvis and Gorm ha pproached the mountain from the same angle last time, so it was just  atter of finding a landmark I remembered from last time. It was harde han I thought. It had been a while since we walked this way and I wa istracted by the number of naked boys and unrelated conversations that wa oing on behind me.



"You sure it was this way, Gorm?" Jake asked me after I had changed my min n the direction two times.



"No." I said, absentmindedly putting a hand around his waist, then casuall lipping it down on his smooth butt. I had gotten so used to casuall ouching him that I didn't think too much about it anymore but let go o im when Andre and Matt caught up to us bickering about something, walkin and in hand. I saw Matts eyes follow my hand as it moved from Jakes bar utt. Like when we were bathing, Jake had bound up his t-shirt with a kno ver his lowest rib, so the shirt didn't get in the way and he could stil njoy the breeze, while still having his embarrassing scar covered. It wa he only article of clothing between us, but somehow wearing just a t-shir ade Jake even more captivating than he already was.



"Sorry, I am a little lost." I said. "I know it's around here somewhere."



"Take your time we're not in a hurry." Matt said, ruffling up my hair an urning around to take in the view. From here you could see out over th orest in a sea of green edged by a sea of blue in the distance.



"Want something to drink?" Andre asked. He had taken over carrying th unch bag, and was rummaging in it. He found a bottle of reddish frui uice and handed it to me.



"Is the place you mentioned higher elevated than this?" Matt asked, wha oes the forest look like. I finished gulping down the slippery juice an hiped my mouth with the back of my hand while handing the bottle to Jake.



"A little higher I think, but you can't really see the forest fro here. And we should be able to hear the water."



"Water?" Matt said. "There is water?"



"Yea." I said. "Don't worry you'll see."



"This wouldn't be the place you spoke about, Jake." Andre said. "You kno here you and Sebastian first..." He trailed off looking at Matt who wasn' aying attention to him, but to me. It was now Andres turn on the bottl nd Jake made a face of indecision. "Just wait and see." He finally said.



"No thanks." Matt said. "Just water."



"Ain't got any water." Andre said. "We only have it in big jugs and  hought you liked it."



"It's fine tasting." Matt said. "But I... well it messes with my head.  uess it has too much sugar or something. It makes me feel weird." Matt ha aid something similar back at the camp.



"Weird how?" Andre inquired.



"It just makes me feel all, buttery and stuff." Matt said vaguely. "I can' eally say." Nevertheless, he took the bottle and gulped down a littl it. He then looked to Andre and around the rest of us.



"Fuck it, I am with you guys, you can handle it." He said and took a fe ore large gulps, apparently giving in to his thirst, emptying the rest o he half liter bottle.



"I have more if you want." Andre said, but Matt just shook his head like h ad just been dunked in cold water, and handed back the empty bottle.



"GUYS!" Jake shouted. While the rest of us was talking he had apparentl aken a look around and was now standing atop a boulder, pointing in th pposite direction between him and us, vaguely up the mountain. "I think  emember the place over there. That's where we fought the kobolts." Nimbl s a mountain goat he jumped down and waved us with him.



"What's a kobolt?" Matt asked leaning in towards Andre, who just shrugged ook his hand and moved forward.

As soon as we had found the trail I remembered the route with ease. Th lace I had first seen Jake pull down his pants with his back turned, so h ould pee, was not far ahead and suddenly we turned a corner to the ledg hat lead to our destination.





It didn't matter than I had seen the picture of the climbing bo efore. Every time I saw one of the boy paintings it tricked my brain int hinking that there was actually a real-life person there, for a spli econd. The boy was as naked as all the other paintings on the island acking even the decorative primitive jewelry. His back was turned to th iewer, showing off a perfectly round and smooth boy butt. His hands wer ifted over the head, and wrapped over the ledge of the stone surface h as painted on, while standing with one foot on the floor. The other le as lifted and bend as if he had foot hold there, as if he was ready t ull himself up. His balls and even his cock were very visually prominen etween his spread legs, from behind.

"Holy shit." Was all Matt could say as he saw the paining. "Those thing lways get me."



"Man, look at that ass." Andre commented and nudged Jake who blushed an udged back.



"Are you guys hearing water?" Matt asked, as he got closer to the paintin nd the ledge. Unlike Jake and I he was tall enough to look over if h tretched. He propped himself up on his toes and took a peek.



"Wow!" He exhaled, and looked back at me in disbelief. "There is  aterfall up there. What is this?"



"Help me." I said, grinning and ran up to the wall. "Getting up there is  ittle tricky."



"Maybe if I boost you." Andre said finally done admiring th ainting. "Matt and I have had this problem before, right." Matt nodde hile Andre took a knee and cupped his hands.

Getting over the ledge was so much easier when we had the bigger guys wit s. Matt held my hand steadying me as I stepped into Andres hands, the att placed his hand directly on my bare butt and pushed me up until  ould tumble onto the smooth hot stone at the hot spring. The place wa xactly as spectacular as I remembered. The smooth stone walls curve round a huge basin of milky white water. In the center a stream of wate ashed out form a crack in the wall, sending a torrent of steam and mis nto the air which hid the back wall from view. Only Jake and I knew wha as hidden back there.



"Seb? Take my hand, will ya'." Matt shouted up at me. I had gotten to m eet and was looking over me and Jakes secret place once again whil ompletely forgetting I was supposed to help.



"Right, sorry!" I said frantically and knelt down to grasp the tanned han hat reached up. By pulling with all my might and with some help from Andr elow, the naked Matt stumbled onto the stone and bumped into me so th nly thing preventing me from falling into the hot water was Matt's han till clasped in mine. We stood there for a second swaying to gain ou alance, with me holding his hand and him grasping my shoulder to preven e from falling.



"Sorry." He said and let go of me, But I just grinned at him as I saw hi ace go from concerned to awe and disbelief at the view. Behind us Jake ha olled onto the stone, apparently having been lifted with no help fro bove. Not surprising giving that Jake was light as a baby bird. He wa ollowed by the bundle of food that a pair of dark, white palmed hands.



"Little help?" Andre shouted up. Matt managed to tear himself loose fro he sight and looked down from the ledge with a stupid grin.



"Nope you can just stay down there." He grinned down.



"Fuck you!" Andre said and reached up over the ledge to grab at Matt nkles, but Matt managed to dodge.



"Maybe that will teach you not to chase me and poke my dick when we aren' lone." Matt grinned and shook his finger at the dark boy below.



"You dick!" Andre shouted up. "Fine, but when I get up there, you'r etting it!"

Next, I heard was a few quick padding of feet against stone. Then Andre' are torso and butt launching itself onto the shelf like a seal out o ater. With an enormous effort he managed to get a leg up before rollin imself all the way up. For two seconds he laid there looking up at us wit  toothy white grin, as we were all staring at his display.



"What? Did ya'll forget I play basketba..." He stopped abruptly as he got  ook at the view behind us.



"No way... Look at this place!" He exclaimed and got to his feet, befor pproaching the fantastic hot spring.



"What did I say? Was it worth it?" I asked looking from Matt to Andre an ack again.



"This has been here this whole time." Matt said, as if he couldn't believ t. "How long have you known about it."



"A few days." I said sheepishly. "I know we should have brought you up her efore, but there was never really a good time." I could see Matt was abou o say something, but Andre cut him off.



"Never mind that now." He said with a sharp glance at Matt, who in tur olled his eyes but kept whatever he wanted to say, to himself. Andre the quatted down on all fours and sticking a testing foot into the water.



"Don't jump in all at once, the water is really hot." I warned.



"Arhhh, no kidding." He said and pulled his foot back a little.



"Chicken." Matt said, having already sat down on the edge with both feet i he pool. "Uuh it's all tingly." he commented before sliding elegantly int he water with a deep sigh of pleasure.



"Chicken?" Andre huffed indignantly, and jumped into the water, sendin plashes of hot water everywhere. When he emerged, he gridded his teeth an ollowed up with a long series of curse words while Matt was giggling, eve f Matt also was getting rather red from the sudden rise i emperature. Not willing to just jump in, I sat down on the ledge with m eet in the water, feeling the fizzling bubbles tickle my rapidly heatin egs, Jake sat down next to me and we both watched Matt and Andre' esulting horseplay. I couldn't help but notice Jakes discreet hand ha rept onto my lap, only centimeters from my manhood. The gentle touch sen he blood rushing to said manhood and in seconds I was hard as steel, bu nly noticing Jakes amber-brown eyes. Suddenly Jake had leaned in and wa ressing a lingering kiss onto my lips with more passion that I had eve elt from him before. I tilted my head automatically and received the kiss ot thinking twice about it. It was only after several seconds when we ha rawn apart, met again for a second kiss and receded that I noticed the tw thers had stopped splashing around. Then I realized that I had forgotte omething, being that the other two didn't know Jake and I were together.

I looked over at Matt who was staring at me with an expressing I had no xpected... exasperation.



"Are the two of you keep anymore secrets?" He said.



"Come on Matt, this can't be news to you." Andre said. "With all th uzzling and sneaking off together."



"Seb is touchy with everyone, it's who he is. But of cause you knew al long, didn't you?" Matt said, raising an eyebrow at Andre.



"Since last night." Andre said.



"I'm sorry I didn't tell you... it's all new and weird." I said. "It al ust happened."



"Don't apologize." Matt said, half walking half swimming over to where w ere sitting. Before I knew it, he had embraced us both in a wet hug an lanted a kiss on each of our cheeks.





We spent the next two hours soaking in the hot spring, playing around an ating our lunch consisting of sandwiches and those weird island fruit hat everyone had taken a liking to. To my surprise, given his earlie eservation, Matt ate one and a half fruits splitting the last one with m nd slurping it down like he hadn't eaten in a long time. It only took me  ittle bit of coaching to convince Jake to take off his T-shirt, so h ould enjoy the hot water, which he still insisted you had to be naked t athe in. Matt said he didn't want to pressure anyone into taking of nything they weren't comfortable with, but in the end Jakes principles wo ut and he let me tenderly pull it off him and lift him into the pool wit e, where we shared another lingering kiss, pressing our naked bodie ogether in the water. If Matt even noticed that Jake had a scar on hi hest, he didn't mention it with a word, which I was thankful for.

At some point doing the afternoon, Jake had offered to give Matt a massag hen he had complained that the heat was making his muscles a littl tiff. It wasn't all on Matt that was stiff, I noticed, but I didn' ention it. To his credit, Matt had made only a token effort to hide it hen he had accepted, even though it was a mystery to me how he could stan o lay on his stomach with a painfully erect cock between himself and th tone beneath him. Jake was sitting across his back, and was slowly slidin is hands, which were greased up with fruit juice, slowly up and down th arger boys smooth suntanned back. From here it was easy to see th an-lines on both boys. For Matt it was his prominently displayed but hich was all white from being hidden in shorts and underwear all the time hile his chest and back had a little more color and his arms were muc arker, since they were out in the sun all the time. In my boyfriend' ase, Jake had darker skin than Matt given his Japanese heritage, bu eversely his groin area, his butt and his penis was almost as dark as hi egs, given the few days he had spent free balling, but his chest wa lmost as light as the darkest areas on Matt in an outline that undoubtabl uggested a t-shirt shape.

Andre and I was watching the spectacle from the other side of the poo here we were sitting in the water. The depth right here meant you coul it so your head and shoulders was above water if you were my size. Fo ndre, the water went to around his nipples. Inspired by Jake, Andre wa assaging my shoulders, though without the use of massage lubricant, an he release of tension made my body feel like butter beneath hi ingers. My fingers always got tired when I massaged someone's back, whic  admittedly didn't do very often when I was not on this island, but Andr eemed to have endless finger stamina. My bliss was only paused for  oment when I adjusted my seat on the submerged stone surface beneath m ausing me to scoot backwards into something very hard and very livin etween Andre's legs.

"Sorry." Andre muttered into my ear, pulling away a little bit so his dic idn't poke into my lower back. "It's the view and the company. I can' elp it."



"We're having the same problem" I muttered back. I wasn't afraid the tw thers would hear me. I didn't care if they did, but the silence and th liss was too precious to break with loud voices. Strictly speaking  adn't been hard before it touched me. It had gone up and down like a levator ever since lunch, but I had been so relaxed even my dick had bee laccid. But as soon as Andre's cock had touched me it had sprung t ttention like a sleeping dog whose food container had been raddled. In  it of daring curiosity and mischief, I pressed my body back agains ndre's so his cock settled in my butt crack and between our bodies an iggled my butt a little. Mostly just in jest. "I don't mind if you pok e." I said.

Andre inhaled sharply in surprise and let out a dry laugh.



"Seriously don't do that, unless you want..." Andre whispered into my ea ut didn't get any further before I wiggled my butt again. I didn't quit now why I did it, it was mostly just to tease him. However, the result wa ery imminent and very satisfying. He let out a silent moan into my ear a is whole body tensed up. Next, I felt a basketballs players powerful ar o from my shoulder and down around my chest pressing me up against hi ody wile a well sized cock pulsed between my butt cheeks. I even fel ittle jets of liquid brush against my back as Andre ejaculated. His orgas ook several seconds, and it was a few more seconds before he regained hi omposure.



"Shit... dude I..." He began, but I just placed a hand on his knee an ooked back at him with a smile.



"You warned me." I said. "Don't worry about it, it doesn't hurt anyone."



"Still... wow I had a lot more pend up than I thought." He said, I coul eel his cock was losing consistency, but it was a slow process. I looke ver at Jake and Matt who didn't seem to have noticed Andres orgasm.



"It's not the first time I make a guy cum." I grinned; I was stil hispering though.



"You and Jake have been having playing together, right?" Andre asked. "H old me you had been."

He started massaging my shoulder again, but only with the one hand he stil ad up there. The other one was still settled on my belly, nuzzling i ently. It didn't even seem weird to me anymore, even though Andre and  ad never actually had a conversation that wasn't with at least one othe erson, usually Jake, in the picture too. Still his touch was as natural a alking over a cup of coffee.



"We haven't been doing it the same way you and Matt did when we saw you."  aid. "We have just been touching each other and kissing. We also do thi hing where we lock our wieners together with our foreskins."



"That last thing sounds strange." Andre said. "How is that?"



"It feels so good." I said. "You should try it with Matt." Andre let out  ound that could mean anything. Meanwhile I felt his hand slide ever s lightly down closer between my legs.



"You can touch it if you want." I said and leaned further back towards him o I could spread my legs even further. Andres orgasm and the continue ight of my boyfriend naked and slowly massaging Matts slender body ha otten me in the mood. Andre snickered, but didn't need any mor ncentive. I felt his larger hand deliberately and with practiced hand gra  hold of my cock and gently massaging it, making me let out a sigh o leasure as little electrical pricks was send up the shaft and though m alls, ending somewhere in my belly.



"Jake won't mind?" Andre whispered into my ear.



"Nah." I said. "It wasn't something we had discussed per se, but he ha old me Andre had played together last night, so I didn't think he woul ind. Besides the way he was sitting on Matt right now meant that his sof ittle dick was pressed against the larger boy's soft ass, and I didn' ind.

I breathed in deeply as Andre poked a thumb into my long foreskin an assaged the head directly while still moving slowly back and forth. I ha ever tired masturbating like that before and Jake had never done it lik hat either. The feeling was so new and intense I had to tighten m bdominal muscles to avoid cumming too soon. I reminded myself that I ha o try it on Jake next time we touched each other.



"Speaking of Matt and me. Have you thought about burying your bone in m ro?" Andre asked. He slowly worked my dick as he was talking.



"You mean... like you and Matt were doing?" I asked. Andre made a ffirmative sound. I could tell he was sending glances towards Jake an att, neither of whom seemed unaware of what we were doing.



"I mean... of cause I have but... you know." I began. It was a surprisingl ifficult subject given the fact that the guy I was talking to wa urrently jacking me off.



"I just want to know if you had made any plans. I don't want you to hur ourself." Andre said. "Just looking out for my bros. If you have question ou know you can ask me or Matt"



"I guess." I said. Weirdly enough I had several questions, but they wer ostly for Matt. I had already tried fucking Matt, I knew what to expect i hat department. Something told me Andre didn't know much more about bein n the receiving end than I did.



"I do have one." I said. "How did you figure out who was doing who?"

It took Andre a few seconds to answer. He was now mostly fiddling with m ick, as if it was a desk toy, rather than jerk me off. I didn't min hough, it still felt great. Finally, he blew a raspberry and said.



"It just came naturally. Matt likes being fucked I guess, and I was onl sed to sleeping with girls at the time." He said.



"So, you haven't thought about being the one who take it?" I asked.



"Of cause I have... Matt did show me a few things, and I am open to it,  eally am... But Matt is just so..."



"...Big?" I finished his sentence.



"Yea." Andre said. "It's a little intimidating."



"I get it, I'm a little nervous about that." I said. I had to pause when  articularly good wave of pleasure went through my body from Andre' reatment.



"It's strange." Andre said, while I was too pleasured to talk. "I have onl ictured you being on top, when I imagine you and Jake doing it." I stuc ut my tongue with a goofy grin until I could respond.



"It's just that, when I saw you and Matt going at it, I saw Matts face."  aid. It was a little bit of a lie. Truth was it had been dark out and  ouldn't really see his face very clearly. What I really remembered wa atts face contorted in pleasure as he was laying underneath me and when i as me who had plunged my rod into him.



"I wanna feel what he felt that night." I finished. "I want Jake to make m eel like that."



"Wow, that's kinda deep, Bro." Andre said. "I can't really say I know wha t's like, but I've seen that face too. It's a huge turn on for me. But  o have one thing Matt showed me that might help get started, if you wil et me."



"What?" I asked curiously. Andre responded by moving his hand away from m enis. I felt how his thumb left the confines of my foreskin as his han oved further down between my legs,



"Matt taught me how to do this, and he did it to me. It was more amazin nd enlightening than I thought it would be." He said. I didn't speak bu aited in anticipation for what he was gonna do. I can't say I wa urprised when I felt his smooth fingers brush against my hole.

As soon as his fingers made contact, I felt my hole contract instantl losing off. I managed to keep my legs spread, after all I wanted this. M uriosity was at its peak. He didn't force his fingers inside me though ut simply massaged it gently until it naturally started to pucker in tro ith his movements. His other hand had moved from my shoulder and was no laced around my stomach to keep me steady. His fingers were caressing m elly skin lightly which tickled a little. Suddenly he saw an opening an he first section of his long finger was right in my entrance. I didn' eel any pleasure yet, only my sphincter around his digit.



"Alright this part is a little weird." He whispered into my ear. "You hav o try and push out, like if you are... you know, and not try and suck i n, you get it?" He said. "That will open you up more." He gave me a tin iss behind my ear before continuing, giving me time to get ready. When h ushed, I did as he asked and pushed back. It was pretty easy despite a fe eflective twitches, in half a second his long finger was knuckle dee nside me.

Now I could feel something. It was a tingle that originated somewher ehind my penis that intensified a little every time he wiggled hi inger. The feeling was not entirely unfamiliar, but still very new. I le ut a sigh as Andre dragged his finger back out only to sink it back in.  ried to push out when he did it just as he had said, and found it slippin n disturbingly easily instead.



"I'm going to add another finger now." Andre whispered. "Remember to pus ut, alright." I nodded with my eyes clothes and readied myself. The secon inger slid in only with a little more difficulty than with onl ne. However, this time I felt a hint of a stretching pain that wasn' here before. It wasn't enough to make me do more than inhale sharply hough.



"Nice." Andre whispered, while holding his fingers steady so I could ge sed to their presence. This time the tiny pleasure from before had becom  dull constant and more intense pleasure from a single point withi e. Every time Andre moved his fingers it send a wave though my body tha lmost made me gasp. I could feel my cock leaking fluid that it wasn' ormally leaking when I was pleasured.



"I think this is your prostate." Andre said and wiggled his finger, whic ade my cock jerk and my diaphragm contract. "This is the reason why but tuff feels amazing for guys, at least that's what Matt told me." I coul nly give him a groaning reply.

He let me enjoy the feeling for about a minute before his other hand sough own to my penis. Then he did the same thing as before, where he stuck hi humb into my foreskin and massaged the head directly.

I came almost immediately. My body convulsed and I had to bite my lip t eep from crying out. I felt my ass contract and relax in rapid successio round his fingers as my orgasm washed though me ending in my balls ollowed by several surges of boy juice shooing from my dick into th ater. It was so powerful I lost my sense of hearing for a moment. It wa nly when the orgasm had ebbed out and my senses returned, I heard Matt' oice.



"What are the two of you doing?" His voice laced with smugness and his fac lastered with a shit eating grin, he was still laying on his stomach wit ne foot dandily bend into the air like a nymph, and looked utterly haze nd relaxed. Jake was still sitting on his back but had stopped massagin nd was looking at me with a curious facial expression.



"I... was just giving Seb a massage." Andre said, the blush was evident i is voice.



"I can see that." Matt said smugly, his voice was croaky and drawn out a f he had just gotten out of bed. It was very uncharacteristic o im. "What were you massaging again?"



"Listen... Matt." Andre said. A slight inflection of panic had crept int is voice. "It wasn't... It just happened, I don't know what's wrong wit e." He let go of me and slid away leaving my lower body sore and throbbin n a way that felt amazing.



"Relax Andre." Matt said, Jake sensed conflict and had slid off and wa itting further away, body flexed like a rabbit ready to flee. "You and  ever made any promises."



"It's not us." Andre said. "Seb you ar ake's... friend... boyfriend... guy." He rambled a little. I was beginnin o see where he was going with this, but honestly wasn't sure I understoo hy he was getting to worked up. "I... I shouldn't be touching you."

I looked over at Jake, who in turn stared back at me. Now that he mentione t, that was a thing most people got worked up about. People I knew ha roken up relationships because their partner had been with someon lse. But right now, I couldn't for the life of me imagine why they would.



"It's ok, Andre." I said. "I told you already."



"Andre." Jake had suddenly turned up behind me. I hadn't heard him ente he water or walk up to me, due to the constant splashing of water i he. "I know your girlfriend cheated on you, but this isn't the same.  ove both of you." I felt him press his body into mine from behind. Unde he surface his prominent erection poked the still sensitive skin of m utt. I turned my head to meet him with a kiss, and felt his hand caress m hest.



"I know that, but I should have made sure first." Andre said. He got to hi eet and walked towards us. Unlike with Jake and me, the water didn't cove is cock. He wasn't hard anymore, but my eyes were still drawn to it.  oticed a few stains of his cum had stuck to his stomach. Jake took a fe trides forward and gave his friend a hug.

Behind us I heard Matt blow a raspberry and say. "It's not like you're th irst one of us to show Seb a few things. Frankly I thought it was hot."  urned to see Matt having turned to his back, hands behind his hea tretched out on the edge. One food was dangling into the water and hi mpressive cock was rock hard, hovering a few centimeters over his abdomen waying in trot with his breathing.



"You don't say." Andre said lifting an eyebrow.



"I caught Matt jerking off in the forest a while back." I said. I too ake's hand and we walked back to Matt's end of the basin, where the res f us sat down in the water. "I had never seen someone who was so bi efore. So, I wanted to take a look, I'm really glad he let me."



"Don't forget what else we did." Matt said. "I know I really should hav old you, but there was never a good time."



"What?" Andre asked, since he was the one Matt was looking at.



"Well... you remember when I told you, you weren't the guy who popped m herry?" Matt asked.



"No way?" Andre said, he shifted his eyes from Matt to me.



"Yes way." Matt said. "It was before you were on this island, it was mostl ust an experiment, but it happened. I thought you should know."

Andre looked back and forth between Matt and me. My eyes fell on Jake wh as also hearing this for the first time. His face didn't betray an houghts, but he was looking at me and then looking up at Andre. After  ew more seconds Andre held out his first to me with a grin.



"Guess we're brothers then." He said grinning. "Ruining Matt's ass fo hite men." I smiled back shily as I fist bumped him but couldn't help bu rin as Matt started laughing.



"Can I see it too?" Jake asked. His question came out very suddenly.  ooked over and Jake whose face had turned a little red with embarrassmen t having blurted out such a question. To be honest I was very surprise hat this was his question, out of all the possible once he could hav sked.



"Your... penis not your butt." He clarified quickly, looking at Matt. " aven't seen one that big either."



"It really isn't that big, Jake." Matt said modestly. "But's it's righ ere and everyone else has, so knock yourself out." Accommodatingly h pread his legs out wider and folded his arms behind his head, so Jake se roperly. I watched as Jake scooted in for a better view, before sliding i ext to him. We were both in the pool still but propped ourselves up so w ould see the pale veiny monster of a cock at close range. When Jake didn' eem like he was going to do more than look, I took his hand and moved i nto Matt's cock, closing his fingers around it.



"Pretty sure taking a look involves getting to feel it, babe." I said. Bot att and Jake made a sharp inhale when Jakes and my fingers made contact.



"Wow." Jake said. "It's enormous."



"It's not that..." Matt started, but was cut off by Andre, who leaned dow nd kissed him on the mouth.



"Yes, it is Matt." Andre said coyly and gave him another kiss. "Jake tr nd climb out of the water and scoot up next to Matt." He suggested. Jak ooked confused for a moment but did as he was told. His erection was jus s vicious as it had felt underwater when he climbed out, but he made n ttempt to hide it. He sat on the stone between Matt's legs and looked t ndre for further instruction. Andre went over and took my place, placed  and under Jakes butt and maneuvered him all the way in so Jake's legs wer raped over Matt's, their balls were touching and their dicks were lined u ext to each other, if held in place by Andre's hand. Matt and Jake wer oth propped up on their elbows looking down themselves at each other an t their lined-up dicks.



"See?" Andre said. "Just Look how big it is." True enough Matt's cock wa lmost twice as big as Jake's was.



"That's not fair, he's three years younger than me." Matt said. "Give him  ear he'll be hung like a horse."



"He's Japanese." Andre said. "Don't you know what they say?"



"Andre, that's racist." Matt said. "Doesn't matter how big my dick i nyway. I prefer using my ass, feels much better."



"Really? Seems like a waste." Jake said unexpectedly."



"So, you're telling me, you wouldn't fuck a guy if he offered? You'll onl ver get fucked?" Andre asked.



"I didn't say that... but so what? I'm a bottom, sue me." Mat etorted. "Why, are you offering up your ass?"

Andre paled a little and broke eye contact at the thought.



"Maybe I am... but not now." Andre said.



"When then?" Matt said. "Unless you're scared you can't do it."



"Fuck you I can do it... I just ain't ready now. I just came before and  in't warmed up. It's really is very big."



"Fine, not now." Matt said confidently. "But you aren't getting off th ook. We'll make it a bet. Within the next two days, you'll be on bottom nd I'll plow your sweet black ass."

Andre looked like he was on the verge of refusing but his sense of hono on out.



"Alright I accept, but we'll need some stakes. If I win, and I will, yo ave to be naked at all times for the rest of our time on this island."

Now it was Matt's turn to waver.



"What if I get cold?" He asked.



"I'll warm you. But I don't want to see a single thread on your body fo he rest of the stay." Andre replied. "You a chicken?"



"Oh, you are on!" Matt said. "But if I win you are my jester for a day an rust me I'll be making you do some embarrassing things."

After staring each other down for several long seconds, Matt and Andr lasped hands and exchanged a long lingering kiss. Jake and I just looke t each other before breaking into laughter followed up by a passionat iss of our own.

We stayed at the hot spring for a while longer. Jake and I talked abou deas for the roleplaying sessions we wanted to try, and we also remembere o show the other two the painting that was hidden behind the waterfall an he mist. A sight that made both the older boys jaws drop. We only starte oving back down the mountain when the sun started to dive back towards th cean. I wanted to stay, but Matt pointed out that it would be dangerous t et back in the dark. With bodies that were completely hot, soft an alleable from the hot spring, massages and... other activities we tracke ack down towards camp, each holding the hand of our respective partners.



[Tags: Masturbation, fingering.]

