Date: Fri, 1 Jan 2021 21:58:09 +000 rom: Human Man <gladly11@hotmail.com ubject: Island, Chapter 19

Hiayo. Welcome back, we're going to shift to Jake's point of view for th irst time. Enjoy.


Disclaimer: This story is free fantasy, nothing in it ever happened and al haracters are made up and do not resemble any real person, living or dead.

This story includes a whole lot of irrisposible behaviour, and I do no ondone any of it. Including but not limited to: Sexual behaviour betwee ales younger than 16 years old, underaged drinking, nudity, swearing ublic urination, leaving teenagers unsupervised on a unspecfically locate ninhabited island, pop-culture references, compleate and utter disregar or STD prevention, some stuff you really shouldn't do with a camera ating or otherwise inserting into yourself unfamiliar fruits you find i ature, an (at this point) unhealthily lax attitude towards hyginge unning around a dark deserted island in the middle of the night, sexua olestation of artwork, and bad jokes.

I kindly remind you that I am a stranger on the internet and anything yo ead is at your own risk.

If you like this story and feel like donating, you can. Not to me, I am  epraved person who writes erotic fiction with something that vaguel esembles a plot and then jerk off to the result. No, donate to Nift nstead, cuz they are great. There is a link for that here ttp://donate.nifty.org/

Lastly, I like the idea of adding Tags to a story so people know what the an expect to jerk off to, but I also find them to often be spoiling th tory a little. With that in mind I have decided to put these at the botto f the page, so if you need tags they can be found there.



Chapter 19: Jake, June 17th - Morning

As usual I woke up early, often as soon as the light hit my face. It was  low but steady journey from deep sleep, with fleeting images, many of th eaturing naked male figures dancing around a huge fire. Some of them wit rections the size of short swords. Singing and dancing with me in th iddle. When I finally opened my eyes, the horizon was red and the sk bove me showed every sign of it being a very early morning. My head wa eeling a little heavy still and the chill morning air made me crawl bac own under the blanket like a rabbit escaping a fox. Next to me with hi ack turned was Sebastian's naked body hidden under the same blanket. W eren't touching mostly because the others were sleeping right next to u nd it would be embarrassing. But I was a little glad that where weren' or another reason. Currently I was feeling two kinds of tightness in m oins. The first one was the pressure of my bladder on the verge o xploding. The second one was the unmistakable felling of tension that wa y morning wood. I was even happier that I wasn't spooning with Sebastia ight now. Having morning wood was embarrassing, especially at summe amp. Granted everyone here had seen each other naked, and I'd seen some o hem with erections already, but that didn't change anything. Even when i as Sebastian, who I knew would appreciate it, it was still an invasion t oke him with an erection like that.

Unfortunately, my bladder issue wasn't going to wait till my boner die own. In fact, it wasn't uncommon for me to get hard when I really had t ee, almost like my cock was trying to make extra space. slowly I sat u nd looked around. It wasn't completely light out yet and everyone else wa leeping. If I was careful nobody would notice me leaving.

Carefully I slid my naked body out from under the blanket. My dick poppe ut and stood right up, the foreskin pealing back to reveal the little re ead underneath. It bended slightly upward when it was hard. Sometimes  ondered if it was bent to use it properly, but I had always tried to pus uch thoughts away. I'd been told that such thoughts were bad, so pushin hem away was pretty instinctive.

Silent as a cat I pushed myself completely free of the fabric. Why was  aked anyway? I couldn't remember where I'd put my home made fudoshi. I' ropped it last night when the moon had made our body paint light up.  ook a look down myself and then up in the sky. The moon had disappeare ong ago, and our drawings had once again become faint white marks on ou kin. Sebastian had been the coolest. The dragon I'd drawn had looke lmost alive on his naked skinny sleek body. I picked up the T-shirt I' een using as a pillow and threw it over my head before setting off to  ore private location.

Panic suddenly hit me, and I felt my foot catch on something. Somethin ery much organic and boney. I fell into the grass with a silent thump arely managing to keep from crying out. With the sudden rush of adrenalin hat the panic had set off, I scrambled to get to my feet, and managed t o so stumbling and gasping. Still panicking I clamped both my hands ove y erecting covering it with the T-shirt, more on instinct than anythin lse. I'd forgotten that Andre had been laying three feet from me, he an att had chosen to sleep on either side of Sebastian and me and in th till dim morning light, I had not seen his dark foot, with its white sol ticking out from the blanket he'd been sleeping under. Its owner was no itting propped up on his elbows looking me with half-asleep confuse yes. Still with my hands clamped over my crotch.

"I'm so sorry!" I whispered hectically and darted away as quickly an ilently as I could, desperate to spare myself anymore embarrassment.  ped in between a few rocks that lead to, God knows where, and felt th round beneath me go from soft grass to smooth rocky surface. Just when  inally decided I was far enough away and stopped running, I painfull lammed my food, Incidentally the same foot I'd just tripped over Andr ith, against a rock on my path. This time I coudn't hold back a cry o ain. I sat down on the cold stone with my bare butt and rubbed my bruise oot, whimpering when the waves of pain started coming.

"Son of a.... Auch... Fffff... oork." I tried desperately not to swear ostly out of habit. If my parents ever heard me swear no matter th eason, I could look forward to a rather stern punishment. I'd forgotte verything about my bladder and my boner when I head quick footsteps. A fe econds later, a still sleepy looking but somewhat alarmed and still but aked Andre came hurrying around the stone I'd just slammed my foot into.

"You alright, dude?" he said, his keeping his voice down, but soundin oncerned.

"Yea... agh... I just hurt my foot." I said between clenched teeth. Th adiating pain was still throbbing though my foot.

"Ya' gotta careful running around out here." Andre said, kneeling down t ake my foot into his hand and held it gently. Instinctively I put my han ver my dick again, but Andre was too occupied with examining my foot t otice.

"I know, I just really have to pee." I said, sheepishly.

"Yea I can see that." He said, and winked at me, with a quick glance at m rivates, before standing up and offering me his hand to pull me to m eet. I could feel myself flush. Did he really think I was going t o... that?

With my bladder quickly returning as a priority, I took a quick ste owards the nearest piece of vegetation and tried to point my dick dow owards, but with the shape of my dick it was impossible. Instead o itting the bush it went in an arch over it and splashed against a ston urface instead.

Andre didn't leave though, instead he took up position next to me grabbe is own heavy hanging penis and started watering the bush, sighing deepl nd craning his neck. Shyly I turned my body slightly, so my wiener cam ut of view.

"Take a few steps, back maybe you'll hit the bush." Andre said snickering is body and relaxed and his movements still sluggish from the earl ising.

"Don't look at it!" I squealed and turned another few degrees away from hi o hide it.

"Sorry, man." Andre said quickly. "I didn't mean to tease you." I coul eel my cheeks burning. When I didn't answer him, he continued.

"Listen, I'll go back to bed, and you finish up what you need to, ok bud? e said. "I shouldn't have followed, I just thought you were hurt."

"That's not what I was going..." I said, god this was so embarrassing. A oon as the thought of anything in that regard, the mental picture o ndre, bend over Matt's tense and eager body thrusting inside of him lashed through my mind, and I couldn't meet Andre's eyes. Instead m iener twitched.

"I'm sorry that's not what I meant... just be careful alright." He sent m  weak smile that I didn't reciprocate and ruffled my hair up a little efore he left back towards the others. I felt a sting of embarrassment an ringe when he left. I hadn't intended on touching myself at all when I' eft. Now if I didn't go back immediately, he'd think I was doing it. Tha hought was unbearable. But if I did, I'd have that image of him and Mat n my head. Wallowing in my dilemma, I leaned against the smooth stone wal ext to me and looked down at my raging erection. I knew instinctively i as one of those that wouldn't go away for hours. A halfway voluntar witch of one of my abdominal muscles made it wobble a little bit. To sa hat I never touched myself would be a lie. Of cause I did. Not that you' ver hear me admit it. Whenever I did, I always felt really bad about i fterward. My mom had always said, don't touch it unless you're washin t. The preacher always said stuff like that was shaking hands with th evil, whatever that meant. Finally, I gave up. I might as well get it ove ith. I surely wasn't going to walk around with a boner all day. Betwee ndre knowing suspecting I was touching myself, and walking around pitchin  tent all day, I was going to pick the former.

Resolutely I slid down that wall and sat down squatting. It was just gonn e quick. I would shoot what little I did shoot into one of the patches o rass and nobody would know about it. Except maybe for Andre. Then I'd as or God's forgiveness later, maybe. I took hold of my dick and pulled th oreskin back. It was pulled tight and it wouldn't go all the way, so  idn't force it. I just looked at the red exposed skin under it, with th ittle slit. I closed my eyes and searched through my mind. When yo asturbated you were supposed to think about girls, that much I knew.  ried picturing a girl in my head. My sisters face was the first to pop u nd I immediately pushed it away. That was just wrong. I tried picturin ne of the girls from my class. Tried to imagine what she'd look lik ithout clothes. It was not so easy as I really didn't know much abou aked girls. I started togging on my penis with closed eyes t oncentrate. I could form a picture of some round weird looking boobs, bu er forms were not right for what a girl looked like, and I couldn' icture her vagina. I didn't even really know what a vagina looked like;  nly had a vague idea. Instead the empty space between her legs quickl ecame a penis instead, maybe because that's what I'd come to expect an hose I knew what looked like. The picture of Andre hunched over Mat lashing though my mind again and I flinched. The memory was so clear to m  had to open my eyes to make it go away.

I had to try a different approach, I thought, and closed my eyes; tuggin n my hard on once more. Instead of seeing someone, I wondered what i ould feel like to be inside someone. Warm, tight and wet like the night  ad felt Sebastian put it in his mouth. That had felt really good. I bega o form his face in my mind, while I imagined to be inside hi omehow. Involuntarily I was reminded of the night Sebastian and I ha layed with our penises under the blankets, and I could quickly see is fac n front of me. The dark skin, the brown eyes, and his little wide nos ith the steel rim glasses on them. I could feel the brush of his penis an  thrusted into him. Whether thrusting into him from the front made sens r not, it felt amazing. My body spasmed and I gasped a little and th leasurable contractions traveled through my entire body. I could feel th ulses of white runny liquid soak the grass and stone beneath me, as wel s my hand. When I opened my eyes, I saw the glistering pools of liquid I' eft. A drop of it still ran down my shaft towards my balls, and I quickl aught it with my fingers. Mortifyingly embarrassed about myself I drie ff my hand in a patch of grass and stood up. I felt weird about what I' ust done and imagined. I wasn't sure if it was just me being weird or wha ad happened. My penis was already going flaccid like magic. Not reall oosing size but just stopped being like steel and more like a rubber band ut still feeling and looking inflated. I stared walking not really wantin o stay where I'd masturbated, and not really wanting to return to th ther so soon after. But one thing was changed. I wasn't feeling bad abou hat I'd just done. I was feeling good. Really good even if the sham adn't quite gone away.



I returned to the camp about an hour later. By the that time the usua arly morning gang was op and awake. And the sun had finally managed t lluminate the plateau once again. Because the T-shirt was so long, I' ound it up at the hip, just like I had yesterday, so that my crotch wa ree up to my belly button. Sebastian had been completely right on tha irst morning when we had gotten to know each other. The breeze on m rivate part was such a freeing experience. Not to mention delightfull orbidden. Coming back to the group, I loosened the knot and let the fabri all back into place, partially covering me despite the total state o ndress that everyone else was in. Even Matt was nude, which I'd come t nderstand was a big deal. I looked away, when I saw him as he was havin is shoulders smeared with sunscreen by Andre. Normally I would hav hought nothing of it, but with the still fresh memory I had of the two o hem making love on a rock, I couldn't help but thinking of the touchin etween the two as intimate and a little bit obscene. I still wasn't  undred percent sure it hadn't been a dream.

Sebastian and Thor were throwing a tennis ball back and forward betwee hem. I had gotten so used to seeing Sebastian naked, that I didn't eve ocus on his dangly penis, flopping around as he skipped and jumped t atch the ball that Thor was throwing with impressive strength an ccuracy. Instead I just admired the boy I'd come to like so much. A stra hought of running my hand down the length of the brown boy's spine send  hiver down my own and I mentally shook my head to get rid of it, what wa oing on with me today?

He was incidentally also the first one to see me and lit up with a smil hen he did.

"Hey! There you are." He said and came running, after throwing the ball t hor who also raised his hand in a greeting and sat down next to Lars, wh as eating a sandwich with one hand, and reading a book with the other.

"Where have you been? You weren't there when I woke up." He said, pullin e into a hug, that I reciprocated without hesitating. I felt our penise ouch each other through the t-shirt for a fleeting moment, and could fee he heat rising in my face, as well as a lingering tinkling sensation wher ur skin had almost made. It was a little strange. It hadn't reall othered me before but now the thought was strange in my head.

"Eh, I was just out walking. I like to stretch my legs in the morning, yo now that." I said. I knew I could tell Sebastian what more I'd been doing e and I had shared more than one nude and experimenting adventure in ou hort time together, but the others were very much within earshot, so  ecided it could wait.

"Alone? You should have woken me up I would have come with." Sebastia aid, his voice was indignant but concerned.

"I didn't go far." I said. "There are some really great views of the ocea ight around here."

"You know there are Kobolds in these mountains, Sylvis. You need you racker out there, what if you get captured?"

"Then you would come rescue me, wouldn't you?" I said in a hushed tone, s he others wouldn't hear us as easily. Already planning out the scenario i y head. A rescue from the dragon tattooed Gorm the Barbarian, sounde ather appealing. Sebastian was about to answer but Matt called on us fro ver by the others.

"Hey, does either of you want a PB&J?" he asked, not loudly because Marti nd Jacob were still sound asleep under the same blanket less than te eters away. Martin was sprawled in what I assumed was spread eagle unde he blanket, and was snoring slightly, while Jacob was using his arm as  illow. They must have had been up late, or drunken quite a bit for the tw f them to sleep through all of these people talking and mucking about.

The two of us sat down on the other side of the long dead bonfire, from th wo sleepyheads and accepted each half of a sandwich. I wasn't a fan o eanut butter, but I wasn't about to say no either. Walking around ha uilt up an appetite. I took it and scarfed it down while listening to th thers make plans for today.

"So, are we just going to stay up here all day? We didn't really bring  hole lot of fun activities." Andre said. His naked body was layin tretched out in the grass and a long straw was tugged between his teeth n a very rural fashion.

"Not that there is a whole lot to do back at camp." Lars said and put dow is book to participate in the conversation. "If anything, I'd like to di y toes in the ocean. I feel sort of grimy after last night, and I need t ool down before the sun really starts burning. We don't have any rea hade up here."

"I'll go back down with you." Matt said. "It's great up here but we ca lways come back now that we know the way. Plus, all our food is dow here, all though we can't have much left."

"Maybe we'll get some more soon. It has been a while since we've heard fro nyone." Sebastian said. He sat back on his hands next to me, enjoying th orning sun on his entire body.

"Yea, the consular said he wasn't supposed to talk to us when the two o ou arrived. I don't know why. I have a feeling part of this camp is t evelop our own little isolated ideas or something."

"Probably some bullshit about us becoming better people and more productiv embers of society." Lars said, a tad pessimistically.

"You still don't like it here?" Thor asked. "I thought you changed you ind."

"I've been taken pictures, haven't I?" Lars said, giving Thor a jab on th houlder. "I just miss a few essentials from the real world. Is it eve egal to leave us here alone?"

"Beats me." Andre said. "Parents signed the paperwork, so I guess so."

"Does this part of the world even have laws? Are we even technically in  ountry?" I asked, as the first thing I'd said since I sat down.  mmediately flushed when everyone eyed me. Everyone shrugged, and a silenc ell on the group.

"In any case, I wanna go down." Lars said and got up. "We also have  etter to open, and I don't think we brought it with us."

"How could you forget it?" Matt said. "The task could be something we nee o do up here."

"We had to get on our way in a hurry, this one kept rushing us." Lars sai nd pointed to Jacobs coiled up body.

"All right I guess we better go." Matt said, and started looking around fo is clothes, picking up a set of underwear and tugging his impressive too way. Andre too started to pick up the clothes that he had been wearing o is way up here, but didn't put it on. Lars was in the middle of puttin is skirt-thing back on when Sebastian spoke.

"What about Martin and Jacob, are we just leaving them here?" Sebastia aid.

"Sure, why not?" Lars asked. "They can find their own way back down, can' hey?"

"No that is a good point." Matt said. "Kind of a dick move to pack up an eave them."

"I'll stay." I said. I didn't know why I was speaking up, but it sounde ike a rare opportunity to get some time to myself.

"Don't you want to come down and swim with us?" Sebastian said, sounding  ittle disappointed.

"Not really." I said. I didn't want to be pressured to take off my shir gain. "Let's just stay here, you and me." I said.

"But I want to go." Sebastian said then lowered his voice. "I'm pretty sur 'm gonna need the latrine soon, and I'm not going up here." I choked dow nd nodded.

"Well then we'll see each other later." I said.

"Promise me we'll go for a walk together later, then?" Sebastian asked lacing both hands on my shoulders. I smiled looking into his brown eye nd nodded. Several minutes of hastily packing everyone was ready t o. With a sigh I watched the bunch of half bare boys turn the corner an eave the peak. The bliss of loneliness rushed over me like a wave. Bein ith others was fine, but I couldn't truly recharge before I wa lone. Happy to have a little while for myself, I found my drawing bloc nd sat down in the shade of the statue to sketch a little. It was fa nough away, that nothing I would do would disturb the sleep of the tw thers. I closed off the world around me and sunk into my work. The huma igure I was drawing out, quickly took form. Sebastian's features quickl oned onto the piece of paper, except it was obviously Gorm the Barbarian  as drawing. He was naked obviously. That's how I always saw Sebastian,  ould hardly picture him with any kind of clothes on. I had barely eve een him wear anything. It was weird only knowing a person tha ay. Instead of the thin lean boy, I gave him a good bit more musculature aller and such. Various little details were strapped to his body, a bel as added. I also exaggerated his penis quite a bit. An older version  upposed, at least the size of Matt's shaft, but with smaller balls, an eb's signature long foreskin. Then of cause I added his absurdly larg reat axe. What would Gorm be without it.

"That's really good." A voice said, very close to me. I'd been so occupie y my work I hadn't seen Jacob come closer or even heard him get out o ed. "Is that Seb?"

"Oh... eh... yea. Sort of." I said. My voice becoming tiny. I always go mbarrassed when others saw my drawings. I never hung any of them up, fo he same reason. This drawing had not intended to be this... graphic fo he lack of a better word. But I supposed I still had Sebastian on my mind.

To my dismay, Jacob sat his naked butt down next to mine, leaned agains he statue and looked over my shoulder while I traced a shadow at Gorm' alve.

"Very flattering portrait of him." Jacob continued and bit the top off  ruit he'd brought over and taking a sip from its juices. The sweet scen ickled my nose. "What's the axe for?"

"It's... not. Well it's Gorm, not Seb." I said, regaining control of m oice. I didn't know Jacob very well, and being alone with him made me  ittle nervous.

"Isn't that what you call Seb?" Jacob asked. Sounding like he was afraid h ad misunderstood something.

"Yeah, but that's because Gorm is Sebastian's character. He's... he's  arbarian."

"Ahh, that makes sense. So it's kinda like an older and more buff versio f him?" Jacob said.

"I guess. I mean he could look like that in a few years if he worked out.  said, feeling the awkwardness lessen a bit.

"Oh he could." Jacob said. "Mind if I try something?" He pointed to th encil in my hand. I hesitated but handed it to him. He looked like I di hen I had a good idea, so I rolled with it.

"Do you draw?" I asked, worried he'd ruin the drawing.

"Not as well as you do, but I dabble." He said, and started shadowing a fe atches on the figures chest, armpits and pubic area.

"But if this is an older version, he should have some more bod air. Sebastian is still largely smooth now, but older teens have mor air." He said.

"I like it better when he has less hair." I said, a little stumped, but  ad to admit that the drawing looked better with the additional hair.

"Didn't know you had a preference regarding boys." Jacob said, his teasin one of voice returning, and I started to feel my cheeks burn. A mino ting in my eye was making me blink rapidly. My discomfort must have bee vident. Because Jacob quickly changed tone.

"Hey - Sorry. That was... I don't mean to make you uncomfortable." H aid. He placed an arm around me and put the pencil back in my hand. " now you've been through a lot. I just have a big mouth."

I sniffled a little but let him comfort me. Jacob wasn't a bad guy, but I' uddenly gotten a flashback to something a classmate had said not to lon go. Something involving one of the F-words.

"No, it's just me." I said my voice going weak again, we had a few second f silence with him just rubbing my shoulder.

"Can I ask you something?" Jacob started carefully. "Do you get bullied  ot? In school I mean." I didn't answer with words, but just nodded. M yes were still burning but I managed to hold it in.

"That's what I thought. I'm sorry about all of that." Jacob said.

"It's not your fault." I sniffled. "You all treat me so well; I know yo on't mean it the way they mean it." Jacob did a little sharp exhale,  ittle non derogatory laugh.

"No, but I know what it feels like. But for me it's my parents." He said.

"Your parents bully you?" I asked, the concept of parents bullying thei hildren was a foreign thought to me. I mean I knew there was abusiv arents out there and Jacob had mentioned something about them not gettin long very well but I'd never heard someone call it bullying.

"Yea, you remember what I said about my parents, the day you broke dow rying... which we don't blame you for by the way." He quickly added th ast sentence. He didn't need to say it, but it was nice to hear. "M arents are super religious, like crapping-on-your-own-cereal-craz eligious."

I couldn't help but snicker at his little quip.

"Not, literally right?" I said, sticking out my tongue at the mental image.

"Would not surprise me." He said, slurping down the rest of the frui uice, causing a bit to run down his chin. He then scooped out a bit of th lesh and offered it to me. I took it and gulped it down. I'd already eate reakfast, but I liked that fruit -- whatever it was called.

"Are they really that bad. My family is very religious too, but not like  uper crazy." I said.

"Did they tell you to sleep with your hands above your covers?" Jaco sked. I blushed a little, knowing what he meant. But at least I coul till look him in the eye.

"My mom... she said that is what good boys do." I confessed. It was still  ittle embarrassing to talk about.

"Ha, my parents used to have me sleep with a football cup on over my dic nd balls, like it was 16-fucking-82." He said and took a big piece o ruit into his mouth.

"You're joking." I said, disbelievingly. He wasn't going to take me for  ool.

"I'm dead serious." He said. "And then they wonder how I'm thi epraved. That shit didn't stop until I put my foot down and told the here they could stick that plastic thing. Which was incidentally what I' sed it for."

I raised an eyebrow. He'd lost me a little, but it didn't sound like a par f the story I was ready to hear.

"What do you mean deprived?" I asked.

"Their word." Jacob said. "Let me see. I'm an Atheist, I'm Bisexua nd... let's not forget a Nudist." he said counting on his fingers. M yebrows had disappeared into my hairline. I didn't really know what th irst two words meant, but I got the idea.

"Ok... if that had been me going around... like that... at home I woul ave been send to the pastor for some really harsh counseling."

"That's a weekly thing for me. They even tried doing an exorcism." Jaco aid.

"They did what?!" I said in disbelief.

"Uh huh." He said, grinning weirdly. "Don't worry it's not like in th ovies where you're strapped to a bed and all. Just a pastor yelling an hrowing water while everyone else pray, that was a fun day."

"How come?" I asked.

"Because I played along. It was hilarious to see their faces when I di hat." He said. "Look."

He placed his fruit in my lap and got to his feet. Then without missing  eat he looked at me with a twisted expression, his eyes rolling back i is head and his neck craning in a very uncomfortable looking angle. Whe e spoke, his voice was rasp and screeching at the same time.

"Foolish little Bitches. I am Abraxas. The soul of this boy belongs to me our feeble mortal attempts to banish me only make me stronger!" He starte iveting and speaking in tongues before falling to the ground an cratching himself all over. I knew it was an act, but he was ver onvincing. He suddenly stopped and raised his head.

"Now imagine that I'm tearing off all my clothes." He said with a grin.

I couldn't help but laugh. All this was so incredibly silly that and weir hat I couldn't help it. Plus, I was jealous of how good Jacob was a cting. Soon Jacob joined me laughing at himself, until Martins voice cu hough the plateau.

"What's so funny." He said though a yawn as he walked towards us, rubbin is eye. Butt naked and with a serious case of morning wood floppin eavily when he walked. I flushed a little bit and tried not to look a t. He had the blanket he'd been sleeping with around his shoulders so wit is ruffled hair and still very visible tribal markings his appearanc eminded me of a young witch doctor. Be it a tired one with a boner. Jaco elaxed from his riving position on the ground and looked up at hi ent-mate.

"Just telling Jake about my exorcism." Jacob said, grinning like an idiot.

"You are so full of shit about that story." Martin grinned back and poke he spread-eagle naked boy in the ribs with his foot, causing said boy t oll around trying to get to his feet.

"If I'm full of anything it's your fault." He said. I had no idea what h eant by that, but Martin clearly did.

"You little..." The brown-haired boy busted out but was cut off by Jaco ho gave Martin a quick jab on his erect penis, causing Martin to shoot ou f his blanket and started chasing the redhead around the plateau. I rolle y eyes grinning at the sight and put away my sketchbook.

It took a few minutes for Martin to catch Jacob on the not overly larg lateau, doing which time Martin never managed to get rid of his ragin orning stiffie. When they were finally done roughhousing. We opted t ollect our things and begin the track down the mountain, if you could cal t that.

"...and so, in front of this exorcist-guy and the entire prayer group  retend to claw at his face, frothing and laughing like a maniac." Jaco aid, giving us a play by play of his little stunt. "Then I start rippin ff my clothes as best I could. Which is not easy when two people ar olding you, but I managed pretty well. I swear to this day they stil hink I'm possessed, although I keep the demon activity to a minimum."

"I still don't believe you." Martin said. He was leading the way down an as taking a corner in a different direction than we got up here. We' pted to take a new route down to see where we'd end up. Maybe we'd get t ee something new.

"Really? Martin you are the one who knows me the best on this island. Yo eriously don't think I'd do something like that?" Jacob asked with moc ndignation.

"I believe that you stripped naked in a full church." Martin said. "I don' elieve your parents are stupid enough to believe you are possessed by  emon that make you do all these 'unchristian' things."

"Hah - I swear to you that they believe it, and even more stupid thing han that." Jacob said placing an arm around Martins shoulders.

"If you say so." Martin said and rolled his eyes, clearly not convinced. W ad a few moments of silence, with Martins disbelief hanging in the air nd Jacob's refusal to acknowledge it.

"I don't understand how you could possibly get naked in a church."  aid. "How do you get the courage to undress like that."

Jacob looked over at me and took his arm off of Martins shoulders, t etter talk to me. The path was barely wide enough for two people to wal ide by side.

"Well... for me it's not so embarrassing. I love my body and I neve nderstood why everyone thinks nudity is such a big deal.

"Yea... but having everyone see you..." I said, my voice cracking a little.

"You're bottomless right now." Martin pointed out, but Jacob send him  lare that told him to be quiet.

"I know, but it's with you... it's really hard to explain. Well when you'r ll naked it's a little reverse. I don't wanna be the only one not doin t." I said.

"I think it's this island, it's..." Martin began again but Jacob stifle im by poking him hard in the ribs.

"So we've heard." Jacob snapped. "Can we just hear Jake out for a minute o I can answer his question?"

"All right geez..." Martin said, and mumbled something I couldn't hear.

"That's it." I said. "Especially since I got older and... you know...  on't want to be naked. But it's not just that. How do you do all thos hings. Trick your parents and such, you don't care what others think."

"It's not all true." Jacob said, dragging on his words. "I do care wha hey think. I've just learned to ignore the feeling and do what I need t o in order to avoid going insane."

"Is it really that bad?" I asked.

"Yea. Don't get me wrong. I love my family to death but they're really a nsane as I said. We're talking gated community arsenic in the cool-ai razy. I've had to be the opposite pole to all that."

"Wow. I wish I had that kind of strength." I said.

"Hey, there is nothing wrong with your strength, Jake." Jacob said, placin  hand on my shoulder. "What you need to gain is some confidence." H ooked into my eyes, being half a head taller than me, his head was angle own slightly. "I'm sure I can help you with that if you want, but you'r lready well on your way by having a friend like Seb, you get me?"

I was just about to answer, but Martin suddenly called on both of us.

"Hey! Are you coming or what?" He called from further down the bend wher he path ended and was replaced by lush bamboo.

"No we'll just be a minute." Jacob said. "Just go on ahead we'll catch up."

"What? Why?" Martin called his hand on a boulder.

"I need to talk to Jake for a minute, we won't be long. Just a little gu alk." He said.

Martin seemed to roll his eyes but seemed to comply with Jacob. On th ther hand, why wouldn't he.

"Ok, just behave yourself. Don't do anything I wouldn't." He said, an isappeared behind the rock, shaking his head.

"Yea I've seen some of the stuff you'll do, I think I can do better." Jaco umbled. Sometimes I could have sworn those two were married with all thei ickering, if I didn't know any better.

"Guy talk?" I asked, tilting my head.

"You, know. It's like girl talk, but for guys." Jacob said, shrugging an umped onto a boulder where sat down and signaled that I should sit down a ell.

"As I said, the confidence thing is something we can work on. It's not eas ut you're already doing great, so I think I know how we can do this." H ontinued. When I didn't answer but just looked expectantly at him, h ontinued.

"Here is how we'll do it. I will propose some challenges for you. Don' orry it won't be too bad to start with and nothing that'll get you i rouble. Just little things that will push your boundaries.

"Challenges like what?" I asked, sitting back on my arms. I knew that m enis poked out under the rim of my t-shirt, but it didn't really bother m oo much. Already that felt like a confidence booster.

"Don't know yet." He said, with a pondering expression. "A few things com o mind but let's start small. I need to think on that. In the meantime et's play a little game called truth or dare... but without the dar art." He continued. "The dare part will come later."

"I've heard about that, isn't that for girls?" I asked.

"See now you're thinking like your Christian parents." Jacob said, quickl ointing an accusing finger at me. "There are no such thing as 'for girls nything is for anyone or for nobody... unless they are too young o ause."

"Oh... ok." I said, blushing.

"It's pretty simple really. I am going to ask you a personal question, an ou'll answer truthfully. I will of cause answer the same question t ou. Then you get to ask a question to me, seems fair?"

I hesitated but nodded. I wasn't sure where he was going with this, but  ould play along so far.

"Alright." He said and pondered for a moment. "When did you last jerk off? e asked. He said it completely neutrally, but my face immediately lit u ike Rudolph's nose, and my eyes shot to my feet, complete embarrassmen illing me from head to toe.

"Jake...?" Jacob asked tryingly. "You ok?"

"I... I" I stuttered trying to regain my composure. Why was this s ard. Speaking of hard, I felt the blood starting to rush downward, in tro ith my beating heard. The swelling felling like a countdown to my doom.

"Hey, it's ok bud." Jacob said, sliding down his boulder and once agai laced his hand on my shoulder.

"There is nothing shameful about jerking off. I did it just last night." H aid. "All the guys on the island has done it lots of times."

"I know but it's still... it's still embarrassing." I said.

"Only if you make it." Jacob retorted. "I don't need the whole story, jus ell me when."

I hesitated for a moment, deciding whether to be truthful or to lie and sa t was longer ago. For some reason that felt purer. But I'd promised t ell the truth.

"This morning." I said, my voice tiny. "Before anyone else woke up, I snu ff and did it in the cliffs."

A grin broke out on Jacobs face, and he squeezed my shoulder proudly.

"There you go. Not so bad right?" He asked. I allowed myself a tiny smile nd then remembered it was my turn to ask a question.

"Eeh... have you ever had a girlfriend?" I asked. The question was stupi nd juvenile I knew that, but it was the best I could come up with. I asn't quite true; I did have many questions that I was too shy t sk. Jacob didn't seem to think so, because he answered almost immediately.

"I have." He said. "Not for very long of cause, and we never had sex. Yo now how Christian communities can be. I would have if she'd let me." H ent me another one of his signature grins and gestured for me to answer m wn question. I shook my head.

"No of cause not." I said. "I don't think I'm really there yet."

"That's cool." He said. "That's a big step and rushing it is just gonn ake it go sour. I'm pretty sure I was close to getting a boyfriend no ery long ago, but we decided it wasn't right for us."

Jacob added the last part almost as if it was just an afterthought.  ittle piece of bonus information that he felt was relevant, but for m his was not something I was prepared to hear.

"B... boyfriend?" I asked, my nervous stuttering returning. "But, didn' ou say girlfriend before... you?"

"Didn't I tell you I was bisexual?" Jacob said, tilting his head as i rying to remember if he did or not.

"I don't know what that means." I said, quickly and truthfully. It wa ctually one of the questions I was too shy to ask.

"Oh... well it's when you are a person who find people of both gender ttractive, and can have relationships with either, even though you migh refer one over the other." He said. "Sorry I thought you knew that." M ace was absolutely flushed by this information. The concept made prett ood sense to me, but I'd never really thought about it. I scratched my ar ncomfortably, while Jacob changed position on the rock.

"My turn." He said, unfazed by the uncomfortable silence. "Hmm... what t sk. Do you watch porn?"

I shook my head.

"I can't. My parents can see what websites I visit, and they have all m asswords." I said. Jacob looked disappointed so I quickly added. "But  ound an old nudie-magazine once."

"Dude, two words: Incognito Mode!" Jacob said, his grin was devious.

"Doesn't work." I said. "My dad uses a program that logs my compute ctivity."

"Ah, shit." Jacob said. "Well, you can always do what I do. Let them se hat you've been watching. I don't use incognito mode anymore, and I' retty sure my dad stopped looking anyway." He sent me a smile so devious hat I for a moment thought I actually saw the demon his parents wer orried about behind his green eyes.

"No way in heck." I said.

"Never say never." He replied and openly scratched his balls. I notice hat his penis had swollen a little bit. Was he getting hard? "And it' ronounced 'hell'. Your turn."

"Did you ever jerk off with someone else?" I asked. The question blurte ut of me; my courage was rising. Jacob was proving very easy to talk to nd far less judgmental than anyone I'd ever met.

"Oh, good one." Jacob said, approvingly. "I have done that quite a fe imes actually. Friends from school, my brother once or twice, and wit artin from here."

"Martin?" I asked. "You too jerked off together?"

"Yep, more than once." Jacob said. "He and I have sort of a specia nderstanding. I'd tell you about it, but I won't out of respect fo artin."

"What does that mean." I asked.

"I'll ask Martin if he'll be ok with me telling you." Jacob said.

"Doesn't he mind that you like boys too?" I asked.

"Apparently not." Jacob said. "Well you know the rules. Did you ever have  ocial jerk?"

I flushed. I'd completely forgotten that the question, like Jacob, wen oth ways.

"I... Ehh... I..." I stammered.

"That isn't a no." Jacob's smirk was unbearable. "Who was it?"

"Seb." I said, my voice tiny. "It was that night when we slept on th each... he got a stiffie and so we both did it... But there was nothin etween us, we just..."

"Don't worry I got it." Jacob said. Holding up his hands. "All boys d t. It's something friends should do with each other. Straight boys do i ll the time, trust me I know." My face must have had the color of a tomat nd my heart was pumping like crazy, but I was also feeling high o drenaline.

"Seb has a pretty nice dick to, don't you think?" Jacob continued. " emember him having a boner when the three of us went out to that littl rchard by the painted stone, do you remember that? You know back when w ere gathering stuff to make our native costumes and body paint."

"Yea I think so." I remembered all too well that Sebastian had had a bone hich he wasn't shy about. After he and I had played with each other' enises in the hot spring, it had been hard for me to keep my eyes off hi ccasional boners.

"I actually have a question about that afternoon." Jacob said. "Do yo emember when we went to the orchard and we didn't know how to carry th ruits back because they're so slippery."

"...yea." I said carefully. "Not exactly sure where he was going wit his."

"I suggested we used your t-shirt because you were the only one wearin nything." Jacob continued. "You almost freaked out and we had to go bac or another one of your t-shirts. The orange one with the Pokémon o t. Or was that the one you were wearing?" Jacob pondered and looked at m or help. "What was up with that?"

I looked away, having hoped this wouldn't come up in conversation.

"I don't like people seeing me without a shirt." I said. It was true so i asn't technically against the rules, but it wasn't the whole truth.

"Ok, but why?" Jacob asked. "I mean if you were a girl, maybe I coul nderstand but you're not. Also, you're only wearing a t-shirt right no nd your dick and balls are out on display."

"I just don't ok. I know it's weird but it's... it's just how it is."  aid. Jacob poised his lips and looked at me, I averted his gaze.

"Well then I think we have our first challenge." I looked up at hi harply, feeling the blood drain from my face. The thought of everyon eeing my messed-up chest was terrifying.

"No... not that. Something else." I stammered. I could feel the sting o ears staring to well up in my eyes, and I fought like crazy to hold i ack.

"No, it's perfect." Jacob said. "First step is body confidence. Trust me o his."

"No, please!" I couldn't hold back the tears anymore. My face swelled an arm droplets started rolling down my cheeks, as the world started to swi efore my eyes.

"Wow... wow, hey." Jacob said, softly and slid down his rock, a hint o anic in his voice. A second later I felt a pair of arms around my body a e pulled me into a deep hug.

"There is no need for that, just calm down, it'll be all right." He said rying to keep a steady sooth to his voice.

"I... I can't do that... I can't take off my shirt... I'm... they can't se t." I cried into his shoulder. I'd cried a lot about this but I coul ever find the words I needed.

"Shhh... why not."

"I can't... it's... I can't." I stammered and cried.

"Shh... hey." Jacob held me out in an arm's length and looked me in th yes with his own intense green ones. "Hey, listen. I'm not going to mak ou do anything, It's just a challenge. What is it we're not allowed t ee?"

"It's just a... I have something bad." Was the only words I could ge ut. His face was blurry from my tears, only his eyes were clear.

"Can you just show me then? Just me." When I didn't answer he took a sof rip at the bottom of my t-shirt.

"Just take off your t-shirt for one minute. Just for me. Just for on inute." He looked into my eyes for confirmation and must have found i omewhere. He started pulling up my T-shirt while I mustered my will to no esist. My arms lifted automatically as he pulled the fabric over my hea nd left me standing completely naked between the boulders. There wa ilence for what felt a long time as Jacob took in the sight of my nake hest, my whole naked body to be exact. I felt so much more naked now ulnerable even. The green eyes darted over my skin and back to my face nderstanding lighting in them.

"Wow... that looks... painful." He said. Without bothering to ask, he ran  inger over the discolored scar tissue and followed the long surgical sca ith his eyes. "What happened."

"I fell... was pushed onto a bonfire." I sniffled tears still streaming m ace.

"Yeiks." Jacob said. "I can see why you want to hide that. But dude. Ther s nothing here you need to be ashamed about." He took me back into hi rms and held me close... very close. It was strange. Hugging someone wh as naked, while you were naked. The skin contact was so different tha hrough clothes. At least he had lost his boner in the process, and now  ould feel his limp fleshy manhood pressed against my pubic bone, whil ine was pressed against his lap.

"I know that." I croaked. "But I can't help it, it's so ugly."

"No, it's badass." Jacob said, and held me out in an arm's lengt gain. "Seriously you should be proud of a scar like that."

"Why?" I asked, my voice cracking.

"It's a part of you, a part of what you've been through." His smile wa enuine, and it made me feel better. "Doesn't it feel so much better to b ully naked, rather than just pretending to be?"

I nodded, drying my eyes with my hand. The wind between the bounders wer uch an intense feeling of freedom and forbidden vulnerability that it sen ittle tickles up my body.

"Listen. I can't promise the others won't notice, but I can promise tha hey won't make fun of you. Even if they did, I would personally kick thei sses, ok?" Jacob said approaching. "Listen, keep your shirt off when w alk back, so you can feel how amazing it is. Then tonight we'll tr omething. We'll go down for an evening swim, you, me and whoever wants t ome. Then you'll casually take off your shirt, and we'll all skinny dip a e always do. It'll be almost dark, and everyone will be focused on th wimming. Then when we're done you can put your shirt back on if you want ll right?"

I felt myself nod; my resistance pretty broken after my cry.

"Before you know it, you won't even understand why you felt ashamed in th irst place." I didn't speak but gave him another hug. Then we set of owards the camp me with my t-shirt in hand.



We reached camp a little while later. On our way we passed through th ruit orchard with the monolith like stone with the painting of nake ative boys harvesting and preparing fruit. The adrenaline had not left m ody, and I was feeling the fluttery tremors that always accompanie nxiety. We both harvested a fruit and drunk the juices from inside, th weet taste helping to calm mine nerves a little. A good distance from th amp, I pulled the t-shirt over my head, while Jacob waited patiently.

Surprisingly the only people present in the camp when we returned wa artin, whom Jacob had sent ahead when he'd wanted to talk, and Sebastian oth were engaged in a game of cards of some kind. It looked to be prett ast paced, which I wasn't aware that a card game could be, because the oth had hectic facial expressions and was slamming their cards into th able as soon as they saw a legal move.

"What's up faggots." Jacob said, in an overly jovial tone and ran the las ew meters towards the canopy post where a soft plastic water containe ung in the shade, and turned the spud so the water could run directly dow nto his mouth, without sucking on the spud.

"Took you long enough." Martin said, his concentration still on the game o he didn't turn around.

"Well we didn't think there was any rush." Jacob said, after swallowing  ig gulp of water and planting his butt on the bench next to Martin. "Wha re you playing?"

"A very stressful game." Martin said, as he attempted to put down five o lubs on the available four of spades, only to be beaten to the punch b ebastian's last card which happened to be five of spades. The naked brow oy slammed his hands into the table and raised his arms over his head i ictory.

"No fair I got distracted." Martin said, with mock sourness. Sebastia idn't reply but got up from his seat and went around the table to gree e. Unexpectedly, but not unwelcomely he gave me a hug, quite a long one i act.

"I didn't want to go with the others before you came." Sebastia aid. "They've all gone to see if they can find any treasures."

"Treasures?" I asked, confused to as to what he was talking about.

"Yea, as I understood it, someone has been here and given us some fres ood. They've also been hiding some stuff on the island all while we wer ll up there making a bonfire.

"Oh, so that's todays assignment? Treasure hunting?" I asked, my voic till a little shaky, and Sebastian seemed to pick up on it.

"Are you ok?" he asked, his voice lowering. Jacob and Martin were bickerin bout their own train of thought but I didn't want them to hear about it o I just nodded.

"Y-yea I'm fine." I said for a moment he and I locked eyes, his brown eye oring into min, in a very similar fashion to what way Jacob's ha one. Satisfied with my response for now, he led me around the table and w at down, while Martin scraped the cards back into their box and took th etter from under a rock functioning as a paperweight. He unfolded and rea loud.



Dear Group 6

Now that you have claimed island it is time to make it your own. A fe elpful things have been placed around the island in addition to the basi ood and water, but from now on if you want anything beyond the food you'v een given you are going to have to earn it. Like the natives of the islan ou now inhabit you won't have much beyond what you can get for yourselves esides what could be retrieved from other islands. For this reason yo ust do what the natives did and bring offerings to their deities. On th each a good walk away from your camp you will find a red flag planted i he sand. Here you must set up an altar devoted to the deities of th sland. Take some time to decorate your altar somewhere near the flag. Thi s where you will place your offerings and thereby receive your boons. B arned that the gods do not appreciate being disturbed. You are not t pproach the alter at night, but leave offerings only doing the day. If yo re seen near the altar you will not receive your boon. Likewise, if yo lter is not decorated properly, the gods will not grand you thei ifts. You have been warned.

Have a great and pleasant day.



Martin looked up from the letter and put it back under the rock, somethin n his eyes told me he was unsure of our reaction.

"I don't get it?" Jacob said. "What the hell are we supposed to offer, an hy?"

"I don't know but it's sounds like they mean it." Martin said. "It's prett bvious that they're establishing a way we pass things to and from th sland, right?"

"I guess, but given the kind of thing we offer from here, I doubt they'l e interested." He sent a weird grin and a wink to Martin who send a ster ook and a worried glance my way.

"I guess it's something we're going to have to figure out." Sebastia aid. "Maybe they'll give us a hint tomorrow."

"I wonder if that's what they meant by proper spiritual guidance." Jaco aid. "If so, oh boy are my parent's going to be disappointed."

"Why?" I asked. "What do you mean?"

"Well the brochure for this camp advertised that it had quote 'prope piritual guidance for young men and women struggling with impur houghts.'" Jacob made little quote marks in the air with his fingers. " on't know about you, but I doubt making offerings to strange island god s what my parents had in mind."

"How do you know that? We weren't allowed to read the parents-onl aterial." Martin said.

"I know, I snuck a peek anyway. That's why I assumed there'd be others wit he same problematic parents I have. When that was only partially true,  ondered a bit." He sent me a side glance.

"In any case we should get going, if we need to find both treasures and a ffering site." Sebastian said.

"They're not going anywhere." Jacob said. "I'm starving, we should at leas rab some lunch first. I've only had fruit since morning."

With that we started setting up a sparse lunch with some of the new foo e'd gotten. Most of it was canned food, that would need to be heated i rder to be palatable. But we did find a few different things that could b ade into some moderately yummy sandwiches. While we ate, the other iscussed the implications of the letter, and what we'd be expected t o. I mostly just kept my mouth shut, unless asked a direct question.



After lunch Jacob and Martin prepared to go down the beach and see wher his new altar was to be placed. In their case, prepared meant applying  ew coat of sunscreen to each other's naked bodies.

"Don't you won't to go with them?" Sebastian asked, when I didn't make  ove to join them. Instead I just stayed lying flat on the bench. The su as on its highest right now, which meant the heat was almost intolerable.

"I'm not in the mood." I said. My body had finally released the adrenalin nd my head was so full of thoughts that I couldn't contain them. "I don' hink I'm doing so good." The last part I whispered, so only Seb could hea t.

"Hey are you coming!?" Jacob shouted from the end of the camp, the two o hem were waiting for us. Sebastian looked over his shoulder at the tw lightly older naked boys, then down at me with a tiny smile.

"I think we're staying!" He shouted back. "Jake and I need a break!"  idn't see their reaction given that I had my arm draped over my eyes t hield them from the searing light. Their replies were but muffled an istant words.

With a creaking of the bench, I felt Sebastian sit his butt down right ove y head, careful not to sit on my hair.

"You're not coming down with something are you?" Sebastian asked, placing  omforting hand on my chest, right over my solar plexus. The touch of hi and through the t-shirt sent a fluttering and calming feeling through m ody.

"I don't think so." I said. "I'm just... I don't know how to describ t. And it's so hot." I scooted up a little bit.

"We can go cool off in the ocean." Sebastian suggested.

"Not when the others aren't here." I said. "It's dangerous."

"We could just stay in the brim." Sebastian persisted.

"I'd rather just lay here a little." I said. "I could use a nap."

"Then let's take the hammock." Sebastian said, brushing his hand over m hest. I looked up at him though half closed eyes. "There is a cool breez ver there, and we'll both be more comfortable."

I thought about it for a moment. The bench was a little hard an ncomfortable but on the flipside, I didn't want to move more tha ecessary. The prospect of the soft hammock in the cool breeze laying clos o Sebastian won out and I mustered the energy to sit up, my eyes small.

"Jeez you really are tired." Sebastian grinned and helped me up. He had hi rm around me when we walked to the hammock and when I crawled in, he hel t steady for me.

"What do we do if the others come back?" I asked, a little nervously, an eb climbed into the hammock with me. The weight and the inclosing fabri eant that we were laying very close to each other. I was on my back, an eb was on his side with my arm around him. It didn't escape my notice tha is penis was pressed right against my lap.

"What do you mean?" He asked.

"I mean, won't it be weird if we're laying here, together like this?"

"We've laid here together before." Sebastian pointed out and snuggle loser, releasing a deep sigh of comfort. "It wasn't weird then."

"I know but last time, was before we'd really... you know... and I wa earing clothes then."

"Before we fooled around under the blankets?" Sebastian finished. "Th thers don't know about that."

"I know but... this isn't innocent anymore." I said. "Everything has bee urned upside down."

"I don't understand." Sebastian said, and I sighed deeply.

"I know you don't... It's just I've always been told that boys shouldn' ouch themselves, and especially not each other. But now I'm all confuse nd I don't know what's right.... Then today I got to speak with Jacob."

"Martin did mention the two of you having a talk. He was pretty miffe bout it." Seb said. "He didn't say anything bad, did he? You know he ca e a little much to deal with."

"He didn't do anything like that." I quickly added. "It was something h aid. You know how we both have strict parents, right?"

"Uh huh." Seb was getting into listen mode. He was really good at that, an  loved him for it.

"He told me a lot of things, how what they say isn't true, just becaus hey say it. He talked about how boys playing with their wieners is not  ad thing. How he jerks off all the time and how he'd even done it wit thers. Did you know he and Martin have jerked off together?"

Sebastian shifted a little his body sliding effortlessly against mine.

"Did... did you tell him that we'd done it?" He asked carefully. I nodde lightly.

"Yes, I'm sorry. I wasn't planning on saying it, but he asked, and  ouldn't lie." I said, the adrenaline starting to pump again. I turned s hat we were laying face to face, our legs entangled. "Are you mad at m or telling him?" I asked. I was painfully aware that our penises were als ouching.

"No." He whispered. "I mean if they've done it, that must mean he can kee t to himself right?"

"I didn't tell him that we touched our wieners together or what you did t ine with your mouth yesterday." My face felt like a forest fire, jus alking about it. I could feel how this conversation was having an effec n my penis too. My ball sack was tightening, and I could feel the tensio tarting to build, even though I tried to fight it. Something that wa ractically impossible to do when your penis was toughing with another cut oys' penis, almost nude in a hammock.

"I think it's cute that you still call it a wiener sometimes." Sebastia aid, he slid his hands up under my t-shirt, caressing my chest. It sen hivers of pleasure down my body and my erection was now a nevitability. I could feel he was getting hard too. There was somethin agical about power of the other boy's erection.

"But that's exactly one of the points. Why do I keep using thi aby-language? I love getting nude and I love when you touch me. It has al een one big lie, why not call it what it is. Not wiener. I can sa ick... or cock. I have a big floppy cock!" I rambled. The last part I sai oudly. Not shouting but loud enough I was afraid someone had hear t. Sebastian giggled.

"You know what. I could even say swear words. Why not; my parents aren' ere, and you know what... fuck them." Saying the f-word made a shiver g own my spine, I halfway expected my mom to explode and my dad to find  elt to punish me. When it didn't happen, I got some more courage and sai t again. "Fuck... fuck... shit ass bitch whore!" I said oudly. Sebastian's auburn eyes were large and full of amusement. "Shitt otherfu..."

Suddenly he pressed his lips to mine stifling my next word. His kiss wa eep and long and consisted of a long serious of little re-kisses with hi liding his free arm, the one he wasn't laying on, up the back of m -shirt and pulled it up. He didn't take it off me, but chest and abdome ere now touching his and we lay in a lover's embrace. Something mor owerful and dynamic than anything we'd done before. We weren't playin touch wieners' anymore. With my free hands I took two handfuls o ebastian's butt in my hands and pulled him closer. I hadn't before paye uch attention to his butt and suddenly couldn't understand how amazing i as. When the pressure wasn't enough, I broke the kiss and looked him dee nto the eyes.

"I want to connect our dicks again, like we did the other night. But thi ime I want to see it too." I said. I had no idea where this side of m ere coming from but now it was opened full force. Sebastian's sly gri old me he was on board more than his actions ever could. The lust was s vident in his eyes that I could have spunked right there.

I looked down as we pulled a little apart, so we had room to work. As i e'd agreed on it, he took a hold on my penis while I took his, and we bot rew back each other's foreskins as far as they would go, revealing a pai f moist heads, soaked in our respective pre-ejaculate juices. His, a ric herry color, while mine was a light purple. As soon as we placed the tw icks together sparks flew in my head and a slight moan escaped me. The eb rolled my short foreskin over both heads as fare as it would go, befor  rolled Seb's considerably longer foreskin down covering both my skin an lands.

We halted for a few seconds watching our bodies connected by our mos ntimate parts. Then Sebastian started gyrating his hips watching m eaction carefully. Fireworks started working in my head and my body stare o hum and vibrate with pleasure. We stared into each other eyes, kissin eriodically but passionately. Finally, one of us gave way.

Sebastian came first, his body tensing up like a long boy, his fac ontorting into a mask of pure pleasure and ecstasy. I felt my foreski eing filled with fluids that wasn't mine, and saw it spill out of the ri f his foreskin around my dick. Soon after my own orgasm spilled over and  ame sputtering and moaning. With no room for more cum in our foreski ouch, Sebastian quickly severed the two and I shot my modest load onto hi enis, his abdomen and his lap.

It took a while for the two of us to recover from our love making. That i hat we'd been doing, I was sure of it. If this wasn't lovemaking, then  new I'd never achieve it anywhere else in my life.

"I love doing that with you." Sebastian finally said, his voice barely  hisper. "You have such a cute face when you cum."

"Well you make the best noises." I said back. With the fear of the other eturning to find us hard and covered in cum, we quickly used the rim of m -shirt to clean up the worst. There was not much we could do about tha hich had been absorbed by the fabric of the hammock but Seb assured me i ould dry out quickly. We didn't move from the hammock however, instead w ust snuggled closer, finally spent.

"There is another thing Jacob made me realize." I said, as we were no aying intertwined with as much skin contact as possible. Penises stil ouching too. "About what we saw with Andre and Matt do."

"What is that?" Sebastian asked. I opened my eyes and saw his look at m ith a mixture of curiosity and worry. "You didn't tell Jacob about tha id you?"

"No, of cause not." I whispered. "But I've decided I have to tell Andr bout it. I need to."

"Do you? Jake it's not any of our business." he replied.

"I need to tell him what we saw. He needs to know that we know, and I nee o tell him that I still love him. Not the same way I love you, but I do.  ant him to know that."

"Do you mean that." Seb said. "Do you love me?"

"Yes... I mean. It's complicated. But yes, I do love you." I said, startin o ramble. I hadn't intended to say it.

"I love you too." Sebastian said.

With that we both fell asleep. I didn't know how long we slept but my bod as so spent and full of joy and love that there was absolutely nothin hat could disturb the piece.



[Tags: Masturbation, Docking.]

