Date: Sat, 7 Nov 2020 20:07:54 +000 rom: Human Man <gladly11@hotmail.com ubject: Island, Chapter 8

Hello again. It's been a while.

Disclaimer: This story is free fantasy, nothing in it ever happened and al haracters are made up and do not resemble any real person, living or dead.

This story includes a whole lot of irrisposible behaviour, and I do no ondone any of it. Including but not limited to: Sexual behaviour betwee ales younger than 16 years old, underaged drinking, nudity, swearing ublic urination, leaving teenagers unsupervised on a unspecfically locate ninhabited island, pop-culture references, compleate and utter disregar or STD prevention, some stuff you really shouldn't do with a camera, an ad jokes.

I kindly remind you that I am a stranger on the internet and anything yo ead is on your own risk.

If you like this story and feel like donating, you can. Not to me, I am  epraved person who writes erotic fiction with something that vaguel esembles a plot and then jerk off to the result. No, donate to Nift nstead, cuz they are great. There is a link for that here ttp://donate.nifty.org/

Lastly, I like the idea of adding Tags to a story so people know what the an expect to jerk off to, but I also find them to often be spoiling th tory a little. With that in mind I have decided to put these at the botto f the page, so if you need tags they can be found there.



Chapter 8: Lars - June 15th, night



I wasn't really sure whether or not I had slept or if I had been awake th hole time. I had been waiting for Thor to come to bed with me, ever sinc orning, and now he had chosen to stay up with the others. I kept thinkin f I should go back out there and keep them company, saying I wasn't tire ny was. It wouldn't have surprised anyone, but I still thought they woul hink me strange for doing that.

But now, I finally heard the zipper being pulled up, and a voice callin ack out the tent saying

"Goodnight!" To someone outside the tent.

Thor crawled inside, swaying a little back and forth, even on all four.

"Hi." I half whispered, half spoke, and turned over in my sleeping bag.

"Oh, hi." Thor retorted in a similar low voice. "Sorry I woke ya'" He said.

"No worries, I wasn't sleeping." I said.

"Did we make too much noise?" Thor asked warily. My heart pumped a littl aster, my newfound feeling for Thor was getting to me. He was so kind, s ocused on others wellbeing. I liked that about him, I liked everythin bout him.

"Maybe a little but who cares, you were having fun." I said.

"Sorry anyways, but maybe it was worth it." He said cryptically. "Somethin wesome happened." He crawled inside the tent and to my surprise he wa ompletely naked. If it hadn't been for the newcomers, I would have though othing of it, actually I might even have expected it. But why would he b aked around them, what happened? I felt a jolt of adrenalin and my dic tarted to twitch and harden at the sight. If there is anything that ca et a teenage boy hard, it was suddenly seeing his crush naked, when h idn't expect it, and often even when he did. My penis had acted like a levator all day, especially when I had been looking at Thor's ass unde he rim of his T-shirt.

"Due tell." I said. I had a thin blanket over me, and was wearin oxer-briefs so my boner wasn't showing even though it didn't matter wit hor. He and I had already shared an intimate time. Something I would lik o do again, and again for a long time, if I could have it my way.

"Well we were playing strip ping pong and..." Thor started

"How the fuck did you do that?" I asked, where on earth had they found  ing pong table.

"Well it was a little improvised, but we found a ball and used books a ats, now shut up I'm telling a story." Thor said. I shut my mouth and le im continue.

"Anyways... we played strip ping pong, and Matt lost, we finally saw hi ock." Thor said, excitingly, but still whispering, while he crawled unde is blanket.

"No way." I said. "I wanted to see that, dam it all! Why didn't you ge e."

"That would have been a little weird, wouldn't it?" Thor said.

"You could have found a way." I said, with sour puss attitude.

"I did." He said, with false indignation. "Or rather, Jacob did. Part o he bet was having Matt skinny dip with us tomorrow." I was amazed.

"Who the hell are you people?" I said. So many strange things wer appening on this island I was starting to think someone was messing wit e.

"Well let's just hope he remembers tomorrow morning. He was pretty drunk. hor said. He crawled under his blanket, and put his hands under his head etting comfy. The blanket only went to his waist.  I scooted closer t im, so I laid up ageist him, although we weren't making direct contac ince my blanket was between us. I rested my head on his biceps. He ha een sweating all day, and even though he had been swimming and washing is late-night ping pong game had contributed as well. His sweet musky odo as so comforting, I gave out a deep sigh.

Thor looked down at me, his face only a few inches from mine. He looked  ittle overwhelmed by my snuggling.

"Do you mind?" I asked, a little nervously. I had hoped we would let me b loser to him now that we had shared something intimate, but you neve new. He and I had had sex before, that was one thing, you always heard th raise. "It was just one time." When someone defended that they had bee xperimenting. I wanted to be sure that if this was just experimenting, w ould at least go for writing a whole thesis. We had also been kissing, an olding hands, which might have meant more, but the insecurities wa onstantly buzzing in my head.

"Not at all." He said, putting an arm around me and started nuzzling th air, behind my left ear with his fingers. "I like snuggling."

His embrace felt so safe and comfortable, I felt like I had never relaxe ore in my life. With that, I went a little further, and place my head o is bare chest, so I could also hear his heartbeat, and feel his breath.

"You think I will get to take some pictures?" I asked, while placing m and on his abdomen. He didn't quite have movie star abs, but the skin wa ightly stretched over his stomach muscles. His ticklish skin reached wit ingle contraction when I moved my hand over it.

"Maybe you should wait with that, just a couple of days, unless you ar ery sneaky about it. Also remember the new guys. I don't mind if you tak ude pictures of me. Hell - I found it pretty exciting." Thor said. "Bu he others might not like it. And some people don't like having thei icture taken, naked or not. No need to start a scene with the new guys ust ask first."

I made a disappointed snort, I wasn't going to let a no stop me, in thi egard. The pictures were for my own benefit.

"What about the new guy, the older one, what was his name?" I asked. I ha orgotten, typical me.

"Andre." Thor reminded me

"Yea, he didn't win the game by any chance, did he?" I asked, with a verplayed casual tone in my voice. My hand had halfway subconsciousl lipped a little lower on Thor's abdomen, now brushing over the place wher he rim of his underpants would be, had he worn any. My fingertips touche he edge of the blanked covering his lower body.

"Nope, Jacob did." Thor said, playfully avoiding answering the unspoke uestion he knew very well I was asking.

"Really?" I asked, I would have thought that boy would lose on purpose, s e had an excuse to strip." I said.

"He is surprisingly good at drunken, improvised ping pong." Tho aid. "Although he did drop his underpants, first chance he got, when h issed a ball. Apparently, the t-shirt and the hat were more important."

I shuttered a little, imagining what Jacob had looked like, playin ottomless ping pong, with his dick, that for some reason was fully erec n my fantasy, bouncing up and down." My dick that was already hard a teel, throbbed and send a tickle through my body.

"They guy is such an exhibitionist. I bet he would let me take lewd photo f him naked." I said. My fingers had now crept under the blanket, and w n the craves between his belly and his genitals. Thor couldn't hav voided noticing, but I took it slow still. Also, to give him a change t ay no. "He already doesn't mind when I take out the camera."

"Wouldn't surprise me." Thor agreed. "Even though the one you already hav aken might overstep a boundary."

"You are avoiding the subject." I said. "I have and will see more of Jacob hat about Andre?"

"Oh yea, that is one for the books." Thor said. "Not much to tell though,  ice cock and a fine ass."

With that my hand finally made the last nudge downwards. Thor was stil laccid, although the blood was flowing there as we spoke. I gently cuppe is genitals I wanted to really explore him this time. I was so turned o t the moment, I wanted to hear more.

"That can't be it, c'mon." I said. "A little more description." I demanded hile I caressed his balls, making Thor shiver.

"uhh... it's pretty big, but not anything above average, smaller tha att's." He started, moaning a little in pleasure before he coul alk. "But its long and hangs like a fucking tail. And his balls are s exy, dam he is hot." Thor leaned his head back as I took a firm but gentl rasp around his now throbbing cock under the blanket, and started jerkin im off. With my ear placed ageist Thor's chest, I could hear his heartbea aise, as I pleasured him.

"It's a shame I didn't get to see him." I said,

"Oh... don't worry... uh..." Thor said, biting his lib so he didn't let ou oo many sounds. Our tent was pretty close the others, so making too muc oise was not a good idea.

"I am sure he will join us, tomorrow... uhh..." He said. He pushed th lanket a little further down so his dick and my hand jerking it, came ou nto full view. Holding Thor's dick in my hand was different than holdin y own, even though the general principle of pleasuring it was th ame. Knowing when I did something good was easy, all I had to do wa isten to the sounds Thor made when I did something. I was grinding u geist him, with my own erection pressed tight to his thigh through th abric of my underwear. I wished I could be closer with him, I wished h nd I could have sex for real, but how did you do that. What they did i orn always looked so easy, but I had no clue, how to get started, or i hor even wanted to do that with me.

"Fuck I'm close now... NGHH!" Thor said, biting hard down his lower li etting out a muffled groan. Then I felt a warm liquid hit my cheek an ome more flowing down over my right hand. Thor sighed deeply as he revele n his orgasm.

"You really give an amazing hand job you know that." He said, turning hi ead. I didn't answer though. I had now wrapped my arms tight around him nd was dry humping Thor's hip slowly and tightly. He looked at me first  ittle bit confused, then made a movement as if he wanted to help m ut. Then he settled with turning to his side, so I was grinding my coc nd balls ageist his still hard dick, through the underwear instead.  anted to remove them, to feel my dick against his, as the closest thing t  real fuck I could get, but It was too late. My orgasm was powerful, mor owerful than it had been yesterday when he had sucked me off. I moane oudly, not caring if anyone heard it. Thor however, panicked and reacte y kissing me over the mouth, choking out my moan. Then I shot my loa ight into my underwear, eight or nine pumps of cum squirted into m oxer-briefs soaking them completely. I made a few more humps as my orgas lowly faded followed by a numb buzzing in my whole body. There was quie or a while my face was only centimeters from his, my nose only a width o  hair from his. I could smell his breath on me. The scent of alcohol wa ominating.

"Dude..." Thor said but apparently, he didn't know what to say. "Sorry."  aid. "I just came too fast didn't I?" I always came too fast, and I hat yself for it now.

"No that is not it." He said, he sounded amazed. I could feel a hand cup  eel over my cum-soaked underwear. "Holy shit you came a lot - hold on  otta see this." He said. He fumbled for a bit before a small electri orch illuminated the tent in a sterile white light. I could see how th perm covering Thor's abdomen, chest and dick was reflecting the light.

"How the hell did you cum that much?" Thor asked, he almost forgot to lowe is voice. "I think that's more fluid than I normally produce when I pee. e said. I knew it was an exaggeration, but for me it sounded like he wa ore impressed than shocked. It wasn't that much more than I usually did.  olled over on my back and sighed, I was so tired now, I didn't even car hat I was soaked in my own juices.

"Let me take care of it, then." Thor whispered when I didn't seem to car nd grabbed what looked to be the t-shirt, he had worn the day before. H uickly wiped himself off, to avoid getting more cum everywhere. Then h at up at the food end of the tent. I looked down at myself, in hi irection. He was sitting on his knees, looking down at me. He sent me gri nd lifted up my legs and rested them on each of his shoulders.

"Let's change you, shall we?" He asked. It was a little humiliating, but i as also fun. Thor grabbed the waistband of my soaked boxer briefs an ulled them down towards him. As I was looking down, he exposed my privat rea. I was still somewhat hard and my dick, balls and inner thighs wher ll glazed in cum that was drawing stringy treads to my underwear, tha uickly got severed as they were pulled down. Instead they drew a gooe laze over my thighs and laps. "Wow, dude." Thor said holding up the soake nderwear and looking done at me. The underwear was dripping a little ont he mattress, so Thor threw them aside. I looked down and saw the mess,  ad made. I was still hard and a few drops where still leaking out of th lit.

"Hang on let me get a pic of this." Thor said. He started roaming aroun or his phone. I bit my lip; I wasn't much for it. Then again, he had le e take pictures of him. I reached over and grabbed my camera instead,  witched it on with a quick push of a button.

"Here, use this it's better." I said, and handed it to him.

"Only if you send it to me when we get home." He raised the camera, an hot once, then looked at it. I tried to send it my best porn sta ook. Thor then moved closer in between my legs and rested his own erectio n top of mine, then leaned back and shot again. My dick was sensitiv fter my ejaculation, and his balls touching mine, made mine tinkle.

"pretty dam hot if you ask me." He said and showed me the screen. I too he camera he was holding out and looked at the result. Not a very goo icture, with the bad lighting, but it was pretty hot. I knew that man ould disagree with me, but I thought the last picture looked pretty sexy eeing myself covered in cum with someone rubbing their dick against mine.

I packed it away again while Thor cleaned me off with the use -shirt. When he was done, he and I snuggled together as we went to sleep.



When I woke up I the first thing I felt was the feeling being bot wkwardly warm and sweaty. Snuggling so close to another warm body in suc  hot climate. I looked to my side; we weren't actually snugglin nymore. He had rolled off me and was now turned the other way sleepin eacefully. I could see his naked body from behind, he was so handsome eve ow. Even so I could not lie in this choking hot tent for a moment more.

As I already knew, it was still dark outside, when I emerged from th ent. At first, I stuck my head out to see if anyone was there. If ther as, I wasn't going to go naked. With the two new guys around, my shynes ad been reinvigorated. But as usual I was the first out of bed. It didn' eem like I had been sleeping more than three or four hours. Whateve appened I could always go back to sleep after I had cooled down, so I wen ut naked as the day I was born. Clumsily I stumbled out of the tent, fo ome reason when you try to do it as silently as possible, you always see o get entangled in something, I thought. I fell over as my food got stuc n the tents opening. I laid silent listening, hoping I hadn't woken u nyone. Fortunately, I heard only faint snoring from some of the othe ents. I got up and started a fast pace walk to the beach. I knew it was  ad idea to go swimming by myself, but I couldn't imagine a small littl ip in the low water could hurt. The water was so calm it seemed almos nnatural. I didn't waste any time but waded out in the shallo eawater. It was cold, but refreshing. The white sand was arranged i ittle even waves formed by the actual movement of the water over a lon ime, which was uncomfortable to walk on with my bare feet. I lied down i he water and felt the immediate relief of cold water on my naked body ollowed by a chill of discomfort that always came with first getting int ater. This was so refreshing I lost myself in a daze for a time. Soon m ody had acclimated to the cold water. I got out of the water after wha elt like a pretty long time. Then I got up and went back, the hot ari limate would dry my skin before long, but now I was wide awake. Cold wate as no sleeping aid. I felt like there was no need to get into the hot ten ow. I sat down at the bench at the table devoid of any activity I woul ormally do. This was a really weird place this island. How could I s asually meet a guy who was so hot and handsome, and actually wanted t ave anything to do with me, in that way. He had actually sucked my dic nd had allowed me to touch his dick and make him cum. He had actually sai  gave good hand jobs. My dick started to throb. Then there were thes ther four boys. How could there be such courage to just strip naked and b ike that around each other. If they knew that there were two boys on th sland who looked at them, and thought they were hot, they wouldn't d hat, I was sure. My dick was rock hard again, typical. I half consciousl tarted massaging myself. I always masturbated in the mornings, maybe ther as no good reason to not do it now. However, I needed material ortunately I had some. I snug over to the tent, which I had left unzipped ince if I zipped it, it would have made noise. I grabbed the camera an ipped the tent shut in a quick motion. The screen on my camera was small ut it was all I needed. I was wondering when I would have to change th attery. I had put the spare batteries in the solar charger last afternoon o they should be good to go. I pressed the replay button and wa mmediately met by my own naked body, covered in my own juices and wit hor's erection pressed against my own. Looking at myself wasn't in itsel ery interesting, but it reminded me of what Thor and I had done last nigh t the memory made my body tinkle, I started massaging myself and quickl ifted through the pictures. I also couldn't shake the fear of bein aught. I was sitting in the middle of the camp after all. But for som eason the fear only made it more exciting for me. I flipped further an kipped swiftly over the pictures of the other boys; I had taken. Somewher aken while they were sunbathing naked, others when they were looking th ther way. The only one who didn't seem shy when my camera was out, excep or Thor that one time, was Jacob. The freckled red head never shied awa nd had even posed a few times with a stupid grin with all the goods i ull view, whenever I 'happened to' take a picture. So, I had quite a fe ictures of him as well. Martin had asked me not to photograph him from th aist down, so I had only done it, when I could get away with it. Sebastia ad said he didn't care, but always seemed to turn his back when I wa hotographing. I also had a few shots of Thor's parts taken yesterday whe e had gone 'native' as well. He didn't shy away either, but I was alway areful not to take to many pictures of him. I didn't want to see bsessed. Matt was always clothed but even then, he didn't like having hi hoto taken. I had only a few with him, as he wasn't as interesting when h as wearing underwear, although his bulge left a few hot details to th magination. I lingered at the picture with his bulge and felt a smal urge, but held back. I wanted this to last, a little longer. I had to rus hrough some more pictures of currently uninteresting nature, before I go ound to the pictures, I had taken the first morning. I kept on for  retty long time, sometimes masturbating vigorously, sometimes jus assaging my genitals. Suddenly and without warning I heard faint laughter  looked up a shot of panic shot through my body and I stopped masturbatin s I was hitting a highpoint, listening closely and waiting for th lmost-orgasm to subside, but to my horror it didn't. Just as my eye caugh wo silhouettes materializing between the bamboo stalks, I discovered tha y orgasm was too late to stop, I sighed as an orgasm I didn't want welle hough my body. And then on cue, I emptied my balls with a huge amount o um spewing all over my chest, and even hitting my face. I panicke ompletely, as I could hear two deep voices coming closer. I didn't eve ick up on who it was. I had to hide; I could not let them catch me lik his. Quickly I did the first thing they came into my head, and dogge nder the table. I immediately knew how stupid it was. Even though i asn't quite light out yet, how would they ever miss that I was dow ere. Nevertheless, I stayed and crossed my fingers that whoever it was hey would not come over here.

I looked under the bench in front of me, my heart pointing like  ackhammer. From the forest came Matt and the new guy Andre. The skinn hite guy and the little more beefy and taller black guy together. My hear kipped a beat. Both where completely and utterly naked. I stare esmerized. Matt was hanging over Andres shoulder with one arm, laughin nd playing around, with a halfhearted attempt to keep his voic own. Andre was just as tuneful, both of them still seemed a littl ntoxicated. I held my breath while staring at them. Matt's cock and ball here the biggest of the two, it hung down, and swung with his movements is pubic hair a light bush around his cock. Andres dick was smaller bu till big and heavy hanging, it slapped ageist his lap when h alked. Compared to theirs my dick was a child's scrawny willy. They wer oth well on their way to fully grown cocks of men, even though they onl ad two years on me. The sixteen-year-old boys where so much more grow hat I was. My boner which hadn't gone down due to the excitement twitche nd jerked heavily, it was a little sore, due to my ejaculation, but  ardly felt it. I was watching intensely. Matt was saying something t ndre I couldn't hear. Then he did something that made my heart skip  eat. He turned his head and kissed Andre on the cheek. Then Andre turne is head and the two of them shared a kiss, on the lips. I gasped; this wa o unexpected I couldn't hold back. At the sound of my gasp, the two boy urned their heads immediately. I slapped my hand across my mouth and kep s silent as I could. Andre said something that I could not make out. The ointed towards the table. I clenched my eyes shut as I heard the two pai f footsteps in the sand, coming towards me. It was over, I knew it. An ow that I had seen them, what would they do to me? My dick kept throbbin nd my heart kept pounding.

"What is that doing here?" I heard Matt's voice right next to me, above th able. I opened my eyes, confused. Hadn't they seen me? Then Andre's nex ords made my blood freeze.

"Whose camera is this?" I had completely forgotten about the camera. I ha eft it on the table, turned on.

"It's Lars's." Matt replied. "What is that doing here?" I heard him pick i p and I almost couldn't hold back a whine. The cameras screen was righ ow showing a picture of Thor, with his legs spread and his hard cock full resented to the camera. The same picture that had just made me cum a fe inutes ago.

"Is that Thor?!"Andre said, he sounded shocked. "Why the hell would Lar ave that picture?"

"Keep your voice down." Matt whispered.

"Sorry." Andre said. "I was just wondering." He put one leg over the bench hen the other and sat down. I could hear the small clicking sounds th amera made when you flipped through the pictures. I had to scoot back  ittle, so I didn't hit his leg. It was a miracle that they hadn't seen m et. My gaze fixed on the big thing between Andre's legs. It was hangin ike a sock filled with sand. I'm sure it wasn't actually above average aybe 8 or 9 cm flaccid, but according to my standards it was. Also, i asn't entirely flaccid, but more like in one of the early stages o rection. I moved my head just an inch closer. Andre moved his hand ove is lap and started massaging his growing boner. Was I dreaming, or wa his actually happening right now? I looked over at Matt, he was standin eaning ageist the table with his hands. He was not flaccid either, nor wa e on half-mast like Andre. He was full on hard. His dick was even bigge han I imagined Andre would be. It stood out in the air throbbing, thoug e wasn't rubbing it. I looked back at Andre, he was now fully hard an asturbating slowly over the full length of his cock. Matt either didn' ee it or he didn't care. What was happening. Why was the before so prudis att not protesting. I didn't find it likely that he wasn't seeing Andr eat off right in front of him. Then suddenly Andre's hand hit me in th ace.  Without even realizing it, I had moved my head closer and closer t is masturbating hand.

Andre reacted immediately.

"Hey?!" He said a little too loud for comfort, since the others wer leeping. I fell backwards landing on my ass again, as Andre's chocked an onfused face peeked down from above.

"What the shit - what are you doing?" he said. In my panic I starte cooting backwards, but Andre was faster. He grabbed my left leg before  ven knew what was happening.

"Get your ass out here!" He said, remembering to keep his voice down, thi ime. I saw the same expression of chock and confusion on his face, a ndre had.

With a tight grab on a leg each, they dragged me out from under the table n one pull. Both guys where quite a bit stronger than me, and I didn' ave any leverage or traction in the soft sand. There I was, naked with  ard cock, covered in my own semen and with an expression I could onl escribe as frozen in fear. The two larger guys were looking down at m oth chocked. Matt was doing a futile attempt to cover up his hard on wit is hands, while Andre was still holding my leg.

"I can't even believe this." Andre said after several minutes of the mos ncomfortable silence in my life. "You were under the table watching us."  as about to form a protest. But Matt was faster.

"I can't believe you have taken pictures of us all; I mean we are sleepin n some of them." I started to feel a little indignant. I wasn't the onl ne on trial here.

"Well you weren't supposed to know." I said. "They are my pictures and I a ot deleting them."

"No one said you had to." He held a hand up to stop Matt from protesting ut he still said.

"I don't like it, it's not fair to them." He whispered somewhat upset.

"There are no nude pictures of you there, so why do you care?" I said. "An hy then did you just jerk off to them?" I sneered back.

"I didn't, Andre did." He said.

"Wow there... keep your shoes on, man." Andre said. "I was looking at th nce of that Thor guy, he is pretty hot, no homo."

"Really - no homo?" Matt said, raising a doubtful and maybe even accusin yebrow at Andre.

"Ok, maybe a little homo, get off my back." Andre said defensively

"Well he is pretty hot." Matt agreed, I can't believe you got him to d hat. "There is no way those are accidental."

"They are not accidental." I said. I looked away, I couldn't look them I he eye. "So what, you two are both gay?" I asked, looking back up. It wa ike that was no apparent to me before now.

Matt looked at me, like I was an idiot.

"Since you ask, yes. What of it?" He said. Andre scratched his neck. Now i as him who couldn't really meet my eyes.

"I am not... Can I get back to you on that?" He asked. "After tonight I a retty confused." I shrugged, since I had no idea what that meant.

"Gay or not that looks pretty hot." Andre continued and sifted through th ictures again. "Is there something between you two or does he just lik osing." I didn't answer, mostly because I didn't have one. I wanted ther o be something, and some of our activities had made it possible. But i hat was not what he wanted, there was nothing I could say clearly righ ow.

"So what?" Andre asked. "You aren't telling me you just took pictures, wha lse did you do?" I blushed quite a bit, we had done stuff, that was true ut there was no way I was talking about it.

"Shit - you have, haven't you?" Andre grinned at me. "Do tell." He sat bac own, this way with his back turned to the table, with his legs spread.  ouldn't keep from sneak peaking at his erection that lay up ageist hi bdomen.

I shook my head, but Andre didn't see it. He was sifting through th ictures again, while rubbing himself.

"Andre really?" Matt said. "Right here?" He looked around as if he expecte  whole group of bible thumpers around every corner.

"Why not? Cat's out of the back anyways." Andre said. "What will it be  an? Wanna join?" He was looking at me. "We won't tell the others, not eve hor, that you told us." He was masturbating for real now. I couldn' elieve he was doing it in front of me, even though I was staring right a t.

"I just did it a few minutes ago." I said, even though it was prett vident by me still being covered in my own cum.

"You telling me you only pack one shot in that gun?" Andre retorted. "Hurr p before I cum."

I thought about it for a moment, then an idea hit me.

"Ok." I said. "If I can have a pic of you... right now."

"Deal." Andre said. He looked like he was so horny he didn't even thin bout it. That was my chance, if it turned out he was resentful later.  ook my camera from his left hand and set up focus and blitz for the righ onditions. Andre leaned back, still masturbating casually. In quic uccession I took four pictures.

"There." Andre said. "Now come on." He clapped the seat next to him. I sa own and started massaging myself. I was still a sore from before, so i asn't easy.

"What about you Matt?" Andre said. "You aren't gonna pass this up right? att looked indecisive for a moment.

"For someone who isn't gay you sure are quick to..." Matt said with  aised eyebrow, but quickly relented to the glare Andre send him.

"Fuck it." He said and sat down. His hard on was bigger than any of Andr nd mine. He sat back and started going on his own dick.

"Well... it all started when I took a picture, while he was sleeping..."  tarted. Telling the story from that point. The story quickly got my libid ired up again, I hadn't even gotten to the part where we actually di tuff to each other, before I could have shot my load, if I had wante o. Problem was that masturbating and telling a story wasn't so easy to d t the same time. I kept losing my focus and having to stop or forget wher  was.

"Ok, this ain't working." Andre said. "Let's try something else." He turne is body so he was sitting on the bench with a leg on each side, facin e. I looked at him a little worried what was going to happen. He smile eassuringly at me.

"Don't worry man, I'm just gonna help you a little." He said. He had put  and on my shoulder and before I knew it, he also had a strong arm aroun y chest and pulled me in, so I faced the same way as he did, with my bac ressed ageist his chest. A small shutter traveled up my spine from th lace where Andres dick was pressed up ageist my back. I could feel th ard shaft and the soft balls very clearly. Facing this way, I caught ey ontact with Matt. He looked confused, for a second, but then he caugh ndre's eyes. Or at least that was what it looked like from m erspective. Then he smiled and shrugged, turning to face me and Andre an ontinued to masturbate with forceful movements. Andre rested his head o op of mine, he was rubbing my chest. I knew he wouldn't do anything  idn't want. I could easily tear myself out if I wanted to. But this fel ood. The black arms holding me felt safe and soft. This wasn't the sam hing as when Thor held me. It had a different vibe and a different smel ntirely. I knew I would have loved it more if it had been Thor, but thi elt good too.

"Just keep going." Andre said. I tried to start but at the same tim ndre's hand was moving over my inner thigh and took a gentle grip aroun y dick and balls, and started to massage them. I squealed a little, bu ndre just continued and said.

"I'll do this part, just keep going." He said. It took me a few seconds t ather my voice and when I did it was croaking a little. I kept telling th tory, dwelling on each little detail I could remember. This fel ncredibly good. Andre had experience; I was sure of it. He knew exactl here to touch, to make little sparks fly. Even though there were n omantic feelings between us, a bond between guys was being forged righ ow. Matt had lied down in front of me, giving me a perfect look fro elow. His balls were bobbing up and down vigorously while he masturbate nd he was also massaging his own chest with his left hand. I couldn' elieve this was the same Matt that had refused to even be naked around u ll. But then again, I had also been like that. Maybe I was not the onl uy who were hiding a secret horny and depraved sex-demon under th kin. Andre was breathing through his nose into my hair, I could feel hi rind himself ageist my back. Even though he was focused on pleasuring me e was still not forgetting himself. I tried to move my lower back and m ss a little, so as to help him out, but whether or not it worked, I didn' now. Matt came first doing the telling where Thor had put my dick in hi outh. He released his cock and his body convulsed making his dick bob u nd down, in unison with his convulsion he shot a good amount of whit ooey cum all over himself while he breathed heavily. I paused my story t atch the older guy orgasm. He didn't look up at us, even when his powerfu umshots had turned into a dribble running down his hard shaft. Then I fel t. It was at a point where I forgot to pace myself, and one of the smal remors of electricity didn't subside, but continued to build u ower. Then I came. The orgasm was so powerful I would have groaned loudly f Andre hadn't put his left hand over my mouth. My body convulsed and m ick shot several huge loads of cum directly into Andre's right hand, tha as placed over it. My orgasm subsided slowly and I returned to a relaxe tate of satisfaction.

"Keep going." Andre whispered. Matt still lied on his back, now massagin is balls. His dick had gone flaccid hanging heavily between his legs till leaking cum. Croaking even more than before, I continued to tel bout how I had both given Thor a hand job in the stone pool and In th ent last night. Meanwhile Andre was partially humping my back, partiall rinding ageist me. I savored every moment. It felt great to be a source o leasure and a participant to their sexual fantasies. As I finished up m tory, with me grinding against Thor in the tent. Andre groaned and held m ight up ageist him. I could feel him contract and I could especially fee he warm wet sperm shooting up between us, covering my back.

It took a while before any of us moved. But eventually I mustered up th nergy to stand up. I was dripping cum from both my own dick and from th NA cocktail on my back. I looked at the other two. They were both lookin t me. There was no shame anymore. We had bonded in a way I had not trie efore. With Thor it was different. I was in love with Thor, I knew tha erfectly clear now. I knew I would still feel weird and sometimes eve mbarrassed with Thor, because I wanted Thor to love me back.

"Wow, man." Andre said. "I fucking need a cigarette now, that wa reat. Thanks bros." He looked at me, then at Matt. Matt looked completel eat now. He held up two fingers and said.

"If you have them, I'll take two." Before he let his arm fall, like it wa oo heavy to even lift. Andre grinned and looked back at me. I nodded.

"Hang on." Andre said, and headed over towards the tent, he was sharin ith Jake. Both Matt and I looked after him, enjoying the view of Andre's uscular ass. While Andre was gone, I turned to Matt. He had sat up next t e, glistening from his own juices. It reminded me of how much semen, I wa overed in myself. My own cum in front, from two ejaculations, and Andre' um on my ass and back.

"Hey Matt?" I asked, with a muted voice. He looked at me, I could see th ld Matt starting to resurface, and maybe it was a good thing. I had a fe hings I wanted to ask him, now that I felt I could speak freely.

"Was this ok?" I asked.

"Ok how?" Matt answered, also speaking in a low voice.

"What Andre did to me, was that ok or was that not a good idea?" I said.  ad a doubt, both towards me wanting to be with Thor, but also toward att. Something had happened when Matt and Andre had been in th orest. The last thing I wanted was to come between anyone. In the distanc  could see Andre's bare chocolate butt sticking out of the tent. His jun anging heavily between his legs. He had to be careful not to wake Jake ut I didn't really feel worried about it.

"I don't mind, if that is what you are asking. Andre and I aren't...  hing..." He said. "Knowing Thor, he properly won't mind either. I mea hat we just did was fun and all, but it was just that, fun in al nnocence."

I contemplated for a moment. Maybe it was just harmless fun, but was what  ad done with Thor also just harmless fun? One thing was clear though. Wha e had done was not innocent.

"Can I ask you something?" I asked.

"Of cause." Matt said. He was smiling at me. This wasn't the moody Mat ight now after all. This Matt was friendly, mature and in many ways,  eal bro. A guy you could talk to and get good advice, without feeling lik ou were talking to an adult that didn't understand you.

"What happened in the forest between you and Andre? He is suddenly part o he group, like he was here from day one. And you, you are... naked an ot... gloomy." I said. I rubbed my neck. I didn't want to insult anyone.

It took Matt a while before he said anything.

"We had sex." Matt said suddenly. "Like full on sex. He asked me where h ould jerk off and I ended up going with him. Then he suddenly came on t e. And we fucked." I was speechless. There was something I didn' nderstand. Something that didn't exactly fit the bill.

"But he said he wasn't gay." I finally busted out, though I managed to kee y voice down.

"Well I made the final suggestion, but... I don't know."  Matt said.

"So when you say 'full on sex' do you mean, in the... butt?" I asked. I wa urious, but also a little embarrassed. Matt, just nodded.

"So which one of..." I asked, now getting a little more excited.

"He fucked me." Matt said, cutting me off.

At that point Andre returned, with an unlit smoke in his mouth and a pac ith a cheap lighter in the other.

"Telling him about what we did?" Andre said, grinning. "I guess that i air." He didn't sit down but kept standing while he ignited the cigarett e had in his mouth.

"Does that feel good?" I asked, ignoring Andre's comment. Andre also looke ver at Matt curious for the answer. He handed me the cigarette he had jus it and started lighting two more. I took it automatically.

"There is nothing like it." He said. "Playing just with your dick, i othing compared when your hole is involved. At least that is how I feel ut I don't think it's the same for everyone. Haven't you ever trie utting something up your butt, while jerking off. I mean even straight gu an do that." Both Andre and I shook our heads. I didn't know why I ha ever done that, but I decided I wanted to try it, next time I was alone.

"I never even thought of it." Andre said. "Then again, I never thought  ould have sex with a guy. Who knew that would be so great." He sat down i he sand, after handing Matt his cigarette. I took a drag of mine, an mmediately started coughing, when the warm dry smoke dried out m hought. "Is that how it goes, do you just one day discover that you ar ctually gay?"

"Nah, that is just what the conservatives say. In all likelihood you are b nd you didn't realize it." I said. The other two looked at me.

"That is a lot to take in." Andre said. "But Matt, you should know, you ar  better fuck than any girl I've ever been with." Matt smiled, he wa ifted by those words, I could feel it.

"I hope it wasn't the last time then." Matt said. "You know what you ar oing in the sack, that is for sure."

I watched the two of them complement each other, with a smug smile on m ace. Andre got up and bend down over Matt kissing him on the lips. "Sur hing." he said, and the two of them fist bumped.

"Is it hard? I want to try it." The others looked at me and I hurried t larify. "I want Thor to do it with me." I said. The two of them chuckled.

"It's a little tricky, but I don't mind helping you prepare. Maybe tr ingering yourself first, when you jack off, that's a little easier."

"Maybe we should go down and wash off." Andre said. "Morning rub out i reat, but it does leave a mess." We all nodded and agreed. I hadn' inished my cigarette, but I didn't really like smoking anyways. I turne ff my camera, and we started wandering down towards the sea.

"Hey Andre." I asked, I no longer felt the need to dampen my voice. "Wha bout you. What do you think about being fucked." I had to ask, I couldn' esist. The ebony boy thought about it for a moment. "Yea I think I do wan o try it." He said. "I always wondered what it was like for a girl whe hey have sex, and If Matt says it feels good, then I want to try." I wa urprised by that answer. Andre seemed like the masculine type.

"What if it turns out you like it." Matt said, teasingly, he was walkin ith an arm over Andre's shoulder.

"You better make sure I do." Andre said.

"You sure you want me to do it?" Matt said.

"You bet." Andre said. "You got a sweet ass, but you also have a nic ick." He reached down and squeezed Matt's dick really quick, making Mat quirm to avoid. I smiled while watching the two older naked guys rufflin t up. Andre put his arm around me as well.

"Hey you got a sweet butt and a nice cock as well, don't forget it, an on't let that Thor guy forget it either."

We waded out into the water as the sun was starting to show in the horizon rawing red and orange waves on the sky. The weather was so clear, yo ould easily see the other islands. We sat down in a little grove of larg oulders that where submerged in waist high water. We sat around them an ontinued our talk, about sex and relationships, and about boy holes.  ecided to give it a try, I couldn't resist. It took me a short while t igure out how to relax, at the same time as I was pressing my middl inger ageist my hole. Then I suddenly felt the muscle give in, and m inger slipped inside little by little. It was a strange feeling, but ther as no doubt that it felt right. The feeling of being filled up an tretched out was both comforting and exciting all at once. Naturally m ick reacted, even though it was sore as hell. It didn't take long befor ndre also was spurred to explore his own hole. I watched as he moved hi and down between his legs and worked to get a finger inside. It took hi onger than me, but when he finally succeeded, he sighed and twitched, hi ick rock hard, and sticking up over the water. Soon all three of us had  inger up ourselves. We didn't masturbate, not in a traditional sens nyway. We kept talking till the sun was all the way up and we decided w ad had enough and had to join the camp again.

[Tags: Mutual masturbation, humping, a bit of ass play]

