Date: Sun, 17 Jan 2021 18:20:47 +000 rom: Human Man <gladly11@hotmail.com ubject: Island, Chapter 24

Hello again.

Once again time for the next chapter. Unfortunetly, this is the last of th rewritten chapters as we are now caught up with what I have alread ritten. This means that the release of new chapters will slow dow ignificantly from this point on, but they will continue to be released a  write them, whenever I have the time, inspiration and lebido to do so.  o have another story that I am planning to release as soon as I can thin f a good enough title. It's quite different but I hope you will give it  ook when it's out. Enjoy


Disclaimer: This story is free fantasy, nothing in it ever happened and al haracters are made up and do not resemble any real person, living or dead.

This story includes a whole lot of irrisposible behaviour, and I do no ondone any of it. Including but not limited to: Sexual behaviour betwee ales younger than 16 years old, underaged drinking, nudity, swearing ublic urination, leaving teenagers unsupervised on a unspecfically locate ninhabited island, pop-culture references, compleate and utter disregar or STD prevention, some stuff you really shouldn't do with a camera ating or otherwise inserting into yourself unfamiliar fruits you find i ature, an (at this point) unhealthily lax attitude towards hyginge unning around a dark deserted island in the middle of the night, sexua olestation of artwork, and bad jokes... also no social distancing.

I kindly remind you that I am a stranger on the internet and anything yo ead is at your own risk.

If you like this story and feel like donating, you can. Not to me, I am  epraved person who writes erotic fiction with something that vaguel esembles a plot and then jerk off to the result. No, donate to Nift nstead, cuz they are great. There is a link for that here ttp://donate.nifty.org/

Lastly, I like the idea of adding Tags to a story so people know what the an expect to jerk off to, but I also find them to often be spoiling th tory a little. With that in mind I have decided to put these at the botto f the page, so if you need tags they can be found there.



Chapter 24: Jacob - June 18th, Afternoon



Thor and Lars had already awoken when I stirred, not in small part due t heir talking, despite them keeping their voices as soft. I noticed the su ad shifted its position and the insects have changed their tune. Plus,  as starving since none of us had eaten any lunch. I sat up and took a loo round. Nothing had changed except the things I had already noticed. Still e must have slept for quite a while.

My right foot was slightly sunburned since it had been sticking out fro he shadow, I had slept in for who knows how long. On top of that my as as sore from riding Martin too hard, and the strain of sitting up send  olt of pain through it. But who was I to complain about getting laid specially with a cute boy like Martin?

The boy in question was still on his back next to where I had been layin nd was scrambling to drag me back down next to him, but I was in no moo o keep slumbering. It was already very unlikely I'd be able to slee onight, if we had managed to sleep as long as I thought we had.

"What time is it?" I yawned and flicked Martin on the nipple, so he yelpe nd sat up quickly.

"Ten minutes to bare-arm" Thor replied and pointed to his wrist which wa ust as naked as the rest of him.

"Ten minutes to what?" I asked, having no clue what the big guy was talkin bout.

"Sorry, that expression doesn't translate well." Thor said. "It means  ave no idea what time it is, but you know that, coz none of us are wearin  watch. Does it matter?"

"My stomach tells me it's food time." Lars chimed in, to which my ow tomach audibly concurred. "And it's not dark yet, which means... fuc ll."

"It's four thirty." Martin said, from his still horizontal position, hi yes were still half closed and his arm shielding his nipples from furthe ttack.

"How do you know?" Thor asked.

"The sun is there, so it must be around that time."

"Smart ass." I said and slapped him playfully on the lap, which made hi elp once again, and finally prop himself up on his elbows. "I'm gonna g ack to get some late lunch, you coming?"

"I don't wanna go." Martin said. "It's nice and quiet here, can't we stay?"

"I'm hungry." I repeated.

"Just eat some fruit." Martin said. "I don't want to go back to Matts sou ace. He's going to be mad that we went without him, for sure."

"We need real food, and he won't be any less mad at you later." Tho ointed out as he was pulling his boyfriend to his feet."

"I'd rather stay." Martin said. "I could use some alone time anyway."

"How can you need a wank already, you just fucked me in the ass a few hour go." I said. "If you need to squeeze out the last drops, just get it ove ith and come with us."

"As you said, that was several hours ago." Martin said, smirking. "But it' ot that. I just like it here. And besides this is a sacred place, yo on't jerk off here. You know some of us like to be alone with our thought or other reason than masturbation, right?"

"You don't jerk off here, but you can gay fuck somebody in the ass?" Lar sked incredulously.

"Yea, something like that." Martin said. "Got a problem with that?"

"Yes, it's loony." Lars retorted. "And something you just made up."

"I don't expect you to understand, just roll with it." Martin said, as h eached for a fruit from a bush nearby and bit the top off it.

"Whatever - have fun making a new religion. Jacob you coming?" He asked an ooked to me. Thor's arm draped over his shoulder. I nodded and winked a artin before following the two out through the scalding water, that was n ore pleasant to cross the second time. Especially not with a sunburne oot.

"Does Martin seem alright to you?" Lars asked a minute later after I ha tuck my feet in the ocean to cool my sore feet back down. Meanwhile he wa aking the opportunity to put his skirt back on, mostly so he didn't hav o carry it.

"He's always been weird, that's one of the things I like about him."  nswered.

"But you hate rules." He retorted. "He just told you there is a place yo an't jerk off."

"Not quite." I said. "He said, there is a place he'd rather not have u erk off, there is a difference. There are a million places on this islan  could jerk off that won't make difference. Not to mention the fact tha e offered a better alternative by sucking my dick, so I wouldn't have t erk off."

"What if it's a symptom of some sort of cabin fever?" Lars suggested, as  ot to my now cool feet and we started making the trip back. "Developin trange spiritual beliefs like that can't be good news."

"Despite this Island and the company being amazing. It can get prett oring out here." I said. "I don't blame him for being a little bored.  ean Jake and Sebastian are playing wizard and warrior on a regular basis hey have long backstories and everything, so why can't Martin pla riest?"

"Barbarian." Lars said in a correcting tone.

"What?"

"Sebastian is playing barbarian, not warrior." Lars clarified.

"What is the difference?" Thor asked.

"It's not important." Lars said, rolling his eyes. "But anyway, it's wa ifferent from what they are doing, I don't think Martin is playin retend."

"Lars, I know what religious zealots look like. I grew up in that shit."  aid, maybe a little more harshly than I had intended. Martin is no tarting an Island sex cult he is just interested in the natives, and mayb e's making a few too many assumptions, but that's all it is. And even i e wants to try out some naughty rituals, so what. For a guy who says h asn't had sex before he came to the island, she sure knows how to handle  ock." The reddening on Lars' face told me I had won the argument, but tha idn't mean Lars was done worrying.

"I will admit it was hot, when you..." He made a waving gesture to stand i or his last word.

"Humped like rabbits on Ritalin? Yea." I finished his sentence with  rin. I walked up between them and put an arm around each of their waists upping a hand full of soft ass on each of them. Lars through his towel hor directly on skin.

"I can't wait to see the two of you in action." I purred into Lars' ear. H quirmed a bit under my arm, either form embarrassment or from my breath i is ear but a very district lump was visible in his skirt.

"Hey, that's my boyfriend you're talking to." Thor said with moc ndignation. "You want him, you gotta go through me."

"With pleasure." I said seductively and gave Thor a wet lick on the chee hat ended in his ear.

"Motherfu... eew!" Thor said and wiped vigorously at his ear with the shor horts in his hand, before running after me over the boulders towards th each. I had already gotten a good head start so it took him a while t atch me.

"Guys stop running, I can't keep up." Lars said, out of breath, after onl  few seconds of running. Soon after reaching the sandy beach I too lost m ir, gave up and let him catch me. His revenge consisted of an equally we ick across my face.

"What are you guys dogs now?" Lars said after catching up, holding his sid nd heaving. While I was wiping spittle off my face "Maybe Martin isn't th nly once with Island fever."

Thor and I just looked at each other, before equally wide grins starte ppearing on my face. Sensing what was about to happen Lars took a ste ack.

"No... guys seriously..."

"Ruff!" Thor barked, looking playfully at Lars, whose eyes beamed wit mpending doom.

Both of is howling and barking like dogs, we both jumped Lars and starte icking him in the face too. More than once our tongues touched, but nobod inded.

"No... seriously guys... eeew!" Lars shouted until we finally relented an olled over in the sand.

"You guys are disgusting." Lars said wiping at his face with his towel hereby lifting it revealing his very ridged boner. One that I had bee eeling very distinctly when we were playing.

"And I have got sand in my mouth." Thor said, spitting and sputtering t ry and get it out.

"Serves you right." Lars snickered and sat up. Only to be met by a dee iss from his boyfriend. I just watched as the two of them kissed, th mount of affection between them evident.

"Great... now I have sand in my mouth." Lars said somberly before we mad he rest of the way back to camp.



"Ok I get it." I said, after Lars' long-winded explanation of why a fighte as different than a barbarian. "One gets angry and beats the shit out o he enemy, while the other... just beats the shit out of the enemy, but an oesn't fight half naked for no reason." The discussion of what kind o ame Jake and Sebastian was playing had come up again, while Thor wa ooking rice and cured meat over the gas burner. None of us had bothere ith the bonfire which had gone out, since nobody had tended to it al ay. We'd probably relight it tonight, if it got cold, but for now the spo as cold and black.

Strangely enough nobody had been in the camp since we left it. The pape ith the assignment was still propped under the same cup, and nothing wa bviously changed.

"Where are those two anyways. Are they with Matt and Andre, somewhere?"  aid.

"They'll probably be back when it gets' dark." Thor said. Still naked, h ad spread out a towel in the sand and was enjoying the less intense ray f the sinking sun. We had piled up the dishes in one end of the table here Lars and I each sad on either bench.

"The two of them are the ones who explore the most." I said. "Maybe the now something that we don't about those things we have to find."

"I doubt it." Lars said. "They would have said something."

"I'll ask Jake if there is." I said. "I'm sure he'll tell me if they kno omething."

"Why?" Thor asked.

"He and I have a lot in common." I said casually, and lifted the kettle of f the gas, since it had started to whistle. For some reason I reall anted tea, so I had started heating some water a little while ago. "I'v een helping him a little with his self-esteem."

"You would be the right person for the job." Lars commented. "What's you ethod?"

"Thanks." I said. "I pose him a challenge every once in a while. So far i as only been one, but he did it. But don't tell him I told you."

"Challenges? Like what?"

"I really shouldn't say, but if you promise not to throw it in his face. H oesn't like being shirtless, have you noticed?"

"Yes." Thor said.

"No." Lars said.

"Think about it." I said conspiratorially. "He always wears a t-shirt, bu t didn't take him long to drop the underpants and walk around with hi ute little dick swinging, like the rest of us."

Lars snickered a bit and scratched himself on the chin.

"Alright that does ring a bell, so you just challenged him to take hi hirt off?" Lars said.

"With baby steps." I said. "At first it was just for a short while, afte ark while a few people were out skinny dipping. Next comes broad daylight nd next comes for a full day. It's really simple. And for every challeng  give him, he gets to pose a challenge to me."

"Like what?"

"I don't know yet." I said. "I am looking forward to finding out."

"I am looking forward to seeing what he makes you do." Lars said. "I'm in."

"You're in?" I raised an eyebrow, and even Thor lifted his head to follo he conversation fully.

"Yea. I'm in. I want a challenge. And in return, I get to challenge you."

"I take it you have something in mind." I said, coyly.

"More or less." Lars said, equally coyly. "You'd get to challenge first, o ause."

"Fine. Then how about this?" I said. I already knew what I was going t ake him do. "At some point when everyone on the Island is gathered in on lace. You have to kiss Thor when everyone can see it." I said.

"Oh, come on, really?" Lars said. "What happened to, starting easy."

"Yes, really. You aren't Jake, you don't need the same floral gloves, wha ou need is a push. I am pushing you." I smirked and then added. "And b he way, Thor can't be the instigator of that kiss. It has to be you therwise you lose."

"Why am I a part of this?" Thor asked.

"For you it isn't a challenge, you said you didn't mind telling everyon hat you're in a gay relationship with Lars here."

"I said I didn't mind them knowing, but just randomly kissing like that. e said.

"Fine." My voice became exasperated. "You can pose me a challenge too afte orth if you like, but this is my challenge. Take it or leave it."

"How long do I have?" Lars asked immediately.

"No time limit, but the sooner you do it, the sooner you get to challeng e." I said. "Sound fair?"

"I guess." Lars said, sounding like he just got more than he bargained for.

"When do you think Martin is planning on coming back?" Thor asked. "lookin t the sun we have about an hour and a half of light left." To be certai hor held his fingers up toward the horizon measure the time til undown. "It's dangerous to go back over those stones in the dark."

"I am pretty sure Martin knows that." I said. "He'll be back when he's don ith his alone time.

The discussion was cut short by distant voices, followed by Sebastian wh and in hand with Jake came jogging into the camp from one of the fores aths that lead away towards the mountain. Jake was wearing nothing but  amp looking blue t-shirt that only covered the top of his penis, but no he tip or the balls. Sebastian on the other hand was as naked as he ha een since our first day here. Like me he hadn't worn as much as a sunha ince Andre and Jake came to the island.

"Hey guys!" Sebastian shouted, just before Andre and Matt appeared, to m urprise both were stark naked. My eyes immediately sought Matt' rotch. It was like seeing a deer in the forest. It was so rare that i nly made the experience so much more precious.

"Heeey, guys. Where've you been all day?" Thor asked from his position i he sand, a hand sheltering his eyes from the last rays of sun heating hi aked body.

"Just out for a hike." Matt said, the tone of his voice made me look up a is face. Because I had been looking at the huge limp cock between hi egs, I hadn't noticed the uncharacteristically mellow expression on hi ace, which was more than reflected in his voice.

"It's a pretty long hike." I pointed out. "We couldn't find you when w ent to the shrine."

"Meh, we'll see it tomorrow." Andre said. "Where is Martin?"

"Still out, he should be back soon. Still wondering if we should go loo or him." Lars said.

"Let him do whatever he wants. He'll come home when he gets hungry." Mat aid, still sounding like he had had the most relaxing spa day in hi ife. "I'm going to bed."

"Already? Don't you want dinner?" Andre asked incredulously. Matt turne ack to him.

"Nope, not hungry." He said. "I call the hammock tonight." Then he wave eakly and strutted over to the hammock that he vaulted into, nude as h as.

"Is Matt ok?" I asked.

"Yea, he's fine." Andre said. "Let's make dinner."

Andre started filling the pot with pasta and started cooking, while I trie o get the bonfire going again. With the dwindling light, the temperatur as dropping a bit. Only Andre, Jake and Seb ate, as the rest of us had  ate lunch.

"...So Jake and I found these hot springs the other day." Sebastia ecounted. "I know we should have said something, but we just kinda forgo o mention it.

"How do you forget something like that." Thor said with wide eyes. "Ho prings in the mountain does make sense. Back on the other side where w ere, hot water flows out into the sea too. And I mean really hot water.

"Like boiling?" Andre asked.

"Not quite but close." Thor said. "It's only when it gets really shallo ou can touch it."

"Is it white too?" Jake asked.

"Kinda." Lars said. "It has a bunch of minerals in it but it's not entirel nclear."

"Huh, that's odd." Jake said. "The water in the hot springs up there, i otally white, like milk. You can't even see through it."

Sebastian was just about to add something when I almost tipped over m eacup at this.

"Wait? You're saying the water is milky?" I asked.

"Kinda yea." Jake said, confused. I didn't hesitate but scrambled around o he now overfilled table. There, under a mug where we had left it thi orning was the letter from today. Something had struck me

"Here!" I said hectically. "Read this." Jake took the paper anxiously an tarted to read, with Andre and Seb looking over his shoulder. Both Lar nd I waited tensely, leaning in over the table waiting for them to confir hat I had suspected.

"The blessed in the pools of milk." Sebastian said, pointing to th aper. "You think it means the hot spring, Sylvis?"

"I don't know." Jake said. "I mean there is only one pool, and it's no ilk in there, it's water."

"Pools of Milk could just refer to how it looks, you said they looked lik ilk right?" Lars said

"Kinda." Jake said, unsure. "But I don't know what it means. What is 'th lessed?'"

"No clue." I said.

"It also says pools, as in plural." Andre said. "Does that mean there ar ore?"

"That would be amazing." Sebastian said. "We have got to go and find out."

"Not now." Andre said. "We just came from there, and it's getting dark."

"Tomorrow then." Lars said eagerly. "I need to see this place."

"Maybe we can find more treasure." I chimed in, having not forgotten th arge pack of goodies which had included the inflatable toy boat. Wha ther kind of luxuries could we find if we were vigilant enough.

"Only if we solve the puzzle." Thor said. "I don't think we'll just ru nto it."

"That or we find something we have to put on the 'sacrificial rock'" Lar aid. "Which we, by the way, haven't made ready yet."

"I guess we have work to do." I said. "I wonder where Martin is, he was al hrilled about getting to decorate that stone, but now he seems mor nterested in the place you found."

"I really want to see it." Sebastian said.

"You could have come with us." Thor said. "We were going to bring Matt too ut you all disappeared to go have a spa day." Jake and Sebastian looked  ittle sheepish at this, but it was nothing compared to the dodg xpression on Andre's face.

"Matt really needed it." Sebastian said. "I was starting to think he an artin was never gonna be friends again."

"They'll be fine." Andre said. He stood up behind Sebastian and placed  and on either shoulder. "Anyone wanna play some beach soccer while w till have the light?"

"Sure." Thor said eagerly and drank the last of the fruit juice in hi up. I too finished mine quickly and agreed, along with Sebastian and Jake.

"Nah, I'll just watch you guys." Lars said.

"Come on don't you wanna play too?" Thor asked indignantly. "It's fun."

"I am tired." Lars wined. "And I suck at it I'll just come watch. Bette et I will do the dishes and then come watch."

Nobody but Thor seemed to have anything against Lars volunteering to do th ishes, so we all dashed the short distance to the beach, leaving Matt t lumber in the hammock and Lars to collect all the dishes in the washbowl.

A few minutes later we were playing soccer in the sand at the relativel lat beach. The white sand still retained some of the days heat making i ust barely cold enough to stand in without moving. Playing in the san eant you had to use more muscle to run forward giving the muscular Thor a dvantage. Likewise, the tiny Jake, who was the only one wearing a t-shirt ad an advantage since his light body and small feet didn't stir up as muc and when he ran. We had made a goal between two towels, with Andre as th eeper. I had teamed up with Jake while Sebastian was with Thor, and w ere already getting our asses handed to us. I was normally not a ba layer but the sheer amount of boy dicks that flew around me, floppin very which way was distracting. So, distracting that I was playing with a nnoying but not particularly aggressive boner for most of the game plus m ss still felt like Martin was still inside me every time I moved. Not tha nyone seemed to care about boners anymore. Lars returned fifteen minute nto the game, having finished the dishes, and his camera fastened to  ripod he had slung over his shoulder. I only noticed because Jake squeale nd pulled his t-shirt down over his cock, keeping a tight grasp around hi rotch and stared incredulously at Lars.

"Don't take pictures when we're not wearing clothes!" He squealed.

Lars looked back at Jake, with a shimmer of confusion on his face, as if h asn't sure what was happening.

"Yea, I think you should be careful with that. I am not sure I want tha ither." Andre said, though he didn't cover his dick the way Jake did. Eve ebastian seemed a little apprehensive at the thought, even though he neve ore clothes.

"Oh!" Lars said as if he only now realized the problem. "Oh jeez I a orry. I completely forgot." He pressed a button on the camera.

"You forgot?" Jake said.

"Yea. It's... I am sorry." He said.

"Just delete the pictures!" Jake said. "I don't want anyone back home t ee."

"Hey don't worry." He said. "I wouldn't show anyone naked pictures o ou. And I didn't take any pictures. I was actually filming."

"Filming?" I asked. "Going for some 'quality' material." I said with  leam in my eye at him. I still had a boner, which had only gotten bigge t the thought of being filmed. I didn't mind at all, if he filmed me nake ith a boner. He could put it on YouTube for all I cared, although it woul robably be banned very quickly.

"Yea." He said. "It seemed like a better idea when you were playing. Bu 'll delete it I promise."

I smirked but said nothing. Knowing Lars, he wouldn't delete shit.

It was almost an hour later before Martin showed up. Walking along th each as naked as he always was, with a tired facial expressing. His cut imp dick, that had been all up inside me several hours ago, swayed bac nd forth between his thighs as he made his way towards us. By then we ha lmost completely lost the light and were just about to give up on th occer game.

"There you are." I said, shooting the last ball at Andre's goal and turnin o my newly arrived fuck buddy.

"Took a hike the other way to see if I could get any further." Martin sai nd plumped down into the sand next to Lars. "Turns out you can't, no ithout swimming."

"Good to know." I said. "Anything else?"

"No that's pretty much it." he said. "I went back and spend some more alon ime at the grove. There is the most amazing light when the sun starts t et over it. I wanted to keep watching but I needed the light to ge ack. The God almost looks like he is alive due to the effect made by th ater."

"What God?" Sebastian asked.

"This amazing painting." Lars said. "I have pictures."

"I'd rather you saw it yourself." Martin said. "I won't stop you of cause ut this is truly a masterwork. I am going back tomorrow, maybe I'll spen he night."

"He's right." Lars said reluctantly. "The pictures I took don't do i ustice."

"Well now I am even more curious." Sebastian said.

"Tomorrow, I promise." Martin said. "We'll bring Matt too, if he wants."

"But we can't." Jake said, mainly towards Seb. "We have to show Jacob ars, and Thor the hot springs tomorrow." He and Seb exchanged glances.  asn't quite sure I understood what the problem was but everyone's train o hought was cut short by Martin.

"Wait... what hot springs?" He asked.

"It's like the hot streams we found at the entrance." Thor said, before th wo youngest could sort out which one was going to talk without the othe ne talking over them. "Apparently there are more in the mountains."

"It's the most amazing place." Jake chimed in.

"After what I have seen today, I will judge that for myself. But I wil elieve anything could be on this island." Martin said.

"You aren't thinking of going now are you?" I asked.

"Hell no, I am too tired." Martin said. "Been walking around all day.  hink I'll take a quick dip and turn in, anyone with me?"

"Nah, I don't feel like it. Already dipped when I washed up." Lars said. " hink I will turn in too." He got up and turned to leave with a wav oodnight.

"Wait, where were you planning on sleeping?" Thor asked.

"Uh - In our tent." Lars said, as if he hadn't really thought about it.

"You don't want to sleep outside tonight?" Thor asked. I noticed Lars ervous glance towards Jake and Seb and Andre who were all sitting in th and. I figured they didn't want to seem too suspicious, so I bit back th rude joke I was just about to make. Especially since, if I blew thei over, it would prevent Lars from completing my challenge. Plus, he woul ate me for outing him, even if it was the most accepting crowd I had eve et.

"I don't want to sleep in the sand, it gets everywhere." Lars said. "I wis e had more hammocks."

"We'll think of something." Thor said. "I think I'll turn in too, goodnigh ou guys."

"You aren't coming?" Sebastian asked.

"Nah, I am tired too." He said, the two of them turned back towards cam eaving the rest of us to stare at their bare butts as they walked up th each.

The rest of us threw ourselves into the calm water. At this point the wate as warmer than the air, so cold wasn't an issue. The moon was appearin oo, and it looked to be a cloudless night, so even though it wasn't ful he moonlight bathed us as much as the water. To my continuous amazemen he paint that had otherwise faded on our skin was apparently stil eflective in the moonlight, so every one's naked bodies were glowin oftly in the water making everyone easy to spot. Everyone except for Jak ho was still wearing his t-shirt, and not nearly as powerfully as the da fter we put it on. I didn't pester him about it, he had gotten fa lready. However, I did grab him from behind, as we were roughhousing, an ragged him backwards into the water which soaked it. As an added benefit  got to feel his smooth ass press against my limp dick as we fell. It wa nnocent enough since it was impossible not to touch a dick every once in  hile, when you were horsing around in the nude, but when I came back up m ock sure as hell wasn't limp anymore. Not that anyone cared. I got to fee ndre's massive log too when he tackled me from the front. It was righ fter I had dipped Jake, probably a noble idea about helping out hi ounger friend. In a heavenly second my balls and the underside of my har ock was pressed squarely into Andre's soft member, sending little horn parks to my brain, and probably even a little squirt of precum out of m ick. After that Andre didn't touch me again, and didn't meet my eyes, bu  didn't care. One way or the other I was going to touch that beautifu lack cock again one of these days. With Martin I was a lot less subtl iven that he had fucked me in the ass earlier today, even though I stil ad to keep a low profile for the others sake. I more than once covertl rabbed and fiddled with his cock under the water, often discovering it i arious degrees of hardness. One time I attacked him in a similar way t hat I had done to Jake, with the exception that I was now rock hard unde he water. I felt how my cock made it up between his plump ass cheeks an ade brief contact with his hole there. Ironically enough it clamped shu he second I made contact, and I mercifully let him go. It made me wonde hether he would be willing to change position and let me take him. I wa ery curious to know what that felt like. A few minutes later, a painfull rect Martin took his leave and wondered back to camp to get some shu ye. Jake and I was wrestled out and way laying in the brim watchin ebastian and Andre continue to play.

"You still wearing that T-shirt." I said casually. I wasn't going to le im completely off the hook

"Yea." Jake said, without commenting any further.

"It got all wet." I pressed.

"Only because you dipped me." Jake yawned and looked reproachfully at me.

"True. But I had hoped you'd feel better about yourself." I said. "You kno ou don't have to wear it."

"I know." Jake said, a little less self-confident than before. "I mostl ust forgot, but there is also another thing."

I nodded and encouraged him to continue.

"Well... if I take it off and is naked all the time. It won't be specia nymore." He said. "I mean I won't be able to enjoy it as much."

I had to admit this was an angle I hadn't thought about. I had been nake or so long now, that I didn't even notice anymore. I remembered the firs ay when I had gotten a kick out of stripping naked right in front o veryone else. Felt the surge of freedom. Now it was just normal, and I di ind of miss that.

"I like that it is normal." I said. "Naked bodies should be normal."

"I get it." Jake said. "I can take it off now if you want. It's just you e, and those two after all."

"Awesome." I grinned and moved in behind him, sitting on my knees. "Let m elp, it's hard to get it off when you are all wet."

Obediently he lifted his arms and let me roll the wet t-shirt up over hi ead, followed by me throwing it up onto the beach.

"Thanks." He said, as I sat back on my butt in the wet sand behind him. "I as actually getting a little cold with a wet t-shirt." Unexpectantly h eaned into me as we sat there watching the other two, who were onl plashing occasionally now, but still swimming around laughing and talkin naudibly. I spread my legs out on either side of him so he could sit u gainst me as we enjoyed the evening and the water.

"Is this ok?" I asked, placing my arms around him. I didn't want to mak im feel uncomfortable.

"Yea, this is nice." He said back, speaking softly. There was a certai mount of honorific gratification in this. Jake was like a cat in thi ense. It was difficult to gain his trust, but when you did you felt s uch more amazed when you got to enjoy the real unshelled Jake. It didn' scape my notice that his butt was pressed up against my dick, and it wa mpossible not to get a little chub growing down there. Either as  istraction or just to have something to do with my hands, I starte ubbing his shoulders. In response Jake groaned and tilted back his head.

"Feels so good." He mumbled. Surprisingly enough he didn't have muc oiling in his shoulders. Then again, he had spent most of the day in wha as essentially a hot tub, as far as I had understood.

"Planning on sleeping on the beach again?" I asked. "Since Matt took th ammock."

"Yea probably." Jake said between tiny sounds of pleasure and th ccasional jab of pain when I accidentally pinched a nerve. Sebastian and  eally enjoy sleeping together on the... I mean we sleep next to eac ther... I... you know what I mean." He said, flustering and rambling ove is own double entendre. I giggled at his rambling and continued m assage.

"I know what you mean. Though it does sound romantic." I teased. "Thin bout it. Two young men, nude under the blanket all comfortable with eac ther, anything could happen."

"Stop it." He whined.

"I am just teasing." I said, before he got too upset, although I had  agging feeling that I was touching a nerve.

"Speaking of which." I quickly changed the subject. "Have you thought abou  challenge for me?"

Jake was silent for a moment, and I let my hands rest a bit, and he leane ack into my chest. The muscles of my thumbs were getting sore. I instea losed my arms around his chest.

"Haven't found anything good yet." He said. "You are not afraid o nything. I can't possibly embarrass you." I won't lie, I felt reall lattered about what he said.

"Oh, that is not true." I said. "I embarrass myself all the time. I jus sually roll with it. But It doesn't have to be embarrassing. When  hallenged you to take off your shirt, I didn't do it to embarrass you.  id it to help you face a difficult situation, and you are already doin uch better."

"I know but, you don't have any fears." He said.

"Yes, I do." I countered.

"Like what?"

"Well. I am scared of spiders and snakes, for one thing... two I guess."  aid, just picking something off the top of my head. Both of those thing egitimately gave me the creeps.

"Haven't seen any of those things on this island." Jake said.

"Yea thank God for that." I said.

"What else?"

"Clowns, sometimes." I said. "And..." I hesitated. I wasn't sure I wante o tell him some of my deeper fears.

"And what?"

"It's nothing." I said. "It's not a real fear."

"Not wanting to take off my shirt, isn't a real fear either. Just tell me. e pressured.

"I... I am scared of turning 18, in a few years." I said, finally. Ther as a little bit of silence following this revelation."

"Why?" He asked. "What's so scary about that? You'd finally be free of you arents and their believes"

"...Yea I would. That is what is scary. I... I'm scared they are going t ick me out when they are no longer legally obligated to support me."  aid, my voice croaking. I was feeling the kind of creeping doom  ometimes had when I was lying in bed at night. Strangely enough I hadn' elt like this at all since we had come to this Island. "Think about it.  m a freak in their eyes. I'm a sexual deviant. I am bisexual, but I lik uys more than girls, I always have. I am an atheist, which is probably th orst part in their eyes."

"Being kicked out means having to fend for yourself with no family o elp." Jake finished.

"Yea." I said. "I mean this trip here is supposed to be the last hail Mar ttempt to reform me. They think it's a Christian camp remember. But all w re doing is running around naked. Martin and I have been borderlin orshipping obscure lost island gods."

"Wait what?" Jake said.

"It's a long story, and it's not really worship." I said. "Maybe I wil how you, but it requires a very open mind. Its why Martin doesn't want t how Matt."

"I still don't understand." Jake said. I was about to try and explain whe ebastian, who had come closer without us noticing, interrupted us.

"Me and Andre are gonna go for a midnight walk, is that ok with you? ebastian asked, as if he needed anyone's permission to do so.

"Sure." Jake said. "If you wanna sleep... em... together I'll set up th ed the same place as last time."

"Awesome, might just sleep in the tent or wherever. I don't wanna wake yo f it gets late."

"Ok, have fun Gorm." Jake said and brushed his hand over Sebastian's thig s the dark boy walked past, doing the same to Jakes hair. A strange bu ute tactile acknowledgement of each other. Andre who had walked up behin ebastian said goodnight too and took off with Sebastian down the beach.

"You two are really hitting it off." I said.

"I won't let you change the subject." Jake said stubbornly and move orward in the water, turning around and looking at me. It was strange t ee him be stubborn. "You guys are hiding something, I want to know what i s."

"It's not that simple." I said, now for the first time feeling trul ncomfortable since I got here. This talk had been a rea oller-coaster. "It's something Martin and I have together, I know it isn' air, but he is very particular about these things."

"You told Lars and Thor about it." He continued.

"I know but..."

"I challenge you...!" He said, with an expression as someone who just lai own 4 aces' in a poker game.

"You can't challenge me to show you things that aren't necessarily mine t how you."

"I know. What I meant was. I challenge you to trust me." Jake said. I was  ittle stumped for a second before he continued.

"You have trust issues." Jake said, sounding like a detective characte oing on a rant about his findings. "Like with you not trusting you arents to love you no matter what."

"That's, different." I said.

"Possibly, but this is a start." Jake said. "My challenge is to trust me o his. You have as much of a right to that place as Martin has. Trust tha hatever you have up there won't scare me off." It took me a minute to mak p my mind.

"Alright." I finally said. "If you're sure, then I will take you, and w an deal with Martin later." I got to my feet and stretched out  and. "Let's go."

"Now?" Jake said.

"Yes." I said, slowly regaining my self-assurance. The prospect of visitin he shine again was sending sparks and heat down into my groin and my dic tarted to twitch, but in the darkness, I don't think Jake notice. "I e're doing this it has to be now, otherwise it will be too hard to sli way from the others." I felt Jake take my hand and stand up. The glowin aint was still covering his scar but now that it was faded, I could see i  little.

"Matt said we aren't allowed to explore after dark." Jake said.

"Sure, but we are not exploring." I countered. "I know exactly where we ar oing. I have been there quite a few times now.

"Uh ok." Jake said.

"First you need to get a lantern in the camp, cuz we'll need the light."  aid.

"Why me?" He asked as we both walked towards the camp.

"You are better at moving silent than me." I whispered back as we neare he camp area where faint snores from the hammock and insects were the onl ounds. Jake nodded and moved forward in between the tents and scattere iscellaneous items to get what he was after. The battery powered lanter as sitting on the table where someone had left it, and Jake snatched it u efore scooting back, quickly and silently. Then we both made our way alon he beach towards the rocky area. Soon we were far enough away to ris urning on the lantern. Jakes beautiful naked body was outlined with dee hadows as the cold pale LED light bathed him. I still had a raging har n, simply from the prospect of what I was about to do and share with thi oy. I knew that Jake had noticed now, but he didn't say anything.

"It's ok if you want to look." I said, when his eyes shily darted away fo he fourth or fifth time.

"I... I know." Jake said. "It just seems rude, you know."

"Yea I get what you mean." I said. "I'll take care of it later. Thor's rul s a great idea on principle, but you can't just make a rule that state hat something isn't allowed to be awkward."

"I think the rule helps, but it helps you, not me." Jake said. "It doesn' ay where I am supposed to look. If I stare at it, they'll think I'm  ervert."

"Well there I have an advantage." I said. "I am a huge pervert and I a roud of it. Who the hell says you're not supposed to be a pervert?"

"My..."

"Don't say your parents" I said.

"I was gonna say my pastor." Jake countered. "You know how we get throw nto a lake of fire if we think about that stuff too much."

I made a sputtering sound with my mouth. The talk about dogma almost mad e lose my boner - almost.

"Well, I stopped believing that shit a long time ago. In one ear and ou he other."

"I still want to believe." Jake said.

"In that case I think showing you this place is just what you need."  aid.



We made our way to where the path led up into the mountain. I took the lea alking and sometimes climbing in front, while Jake held the lantern an id up my path from behind. There was something more ominous about thi lace at night, but I told myself it was just the darkness. On a seclude sland there is no light except the moon, the stars, and whatever yo rought. I had been a little worried that we'd run into Jake and Andre o he beach, before we made it to the mountain. They had walked in the sam irection some time before, but strangely enough we hadn't crossed paths.

"We're here." I said, not too long after we'd found the path. I took hi and and pulled him up the last hurdle to the plateau that made up th uter part of the shrine. He was so light that even I could lift him u asily, and I were by no means a strong person. I took the back seat an et Jake take in the sight at his own pace, watching him intently as h ifted the lantern up only to audibly gasp at the wonderous painting.

The broad smooth concave wall I was getting so familiar with stretched ou n front of us like a picture straight out of a fantasy book. The massiv asterwork of a painting depicting 13 boys in different stages o dolescence gratifying themselves in a neat little half circle around th mpty space between. All of the boys were naked of cause, enjoyin ifferent stages in the masturbation. Some with eyes closed i oncentration, others with open eyes staring at the center figure, other ere looking at each other. One boy was in the middle of his orgasm quirting out cum towards the center, while another was post ejaculatio ith juices still running down his still hard shaft. The center figure, wa otally different from the rest. A tall woman, nude with long flowing hai as depicted in the middle. Her body was curvy and described a wid erfectly proportional hourglass figure, her breasts were heavy and oppose o the perfectly smooth boys worshipping her, she had a full but thi aired and well-kept bush between her thick thighs, she had tribal marking ust like all the boys did. The strangest thing about the image was that i ook the observer a little while to take in what was actuall appening. The woman drew your attention first, even when the observer wa s gay as Martin, so it took the first-time observer a little while t otice what the boys were doing. Having seen the painting many times b ow, I opted to watch Jake as he took in the sight.

"Who is she?" Were the first words out of Jakes mouth, following almos wenty seconds of staring. I had of cause counted my heartbeat just to b ure.

"Martin - no... us both, we believe she is a goddess." I said. I wasn' oing to pin the notion that this island was special solely on Martin.  ad to admit that he was right. "We think she was worshipped specificall s a fertility goddess, but also as a personification of this mountain. A he very least, some sort of life giver."

Jake looked back at me with an expression on his face I couldn't quit lace. Skepticism wasn't Jakes strong suit but there was an undeniabl emand for me to explain what I was talking about, in his eyes.

"Look, Martin is a lot better at explaining this shit. Look at her feet hey are not touching the ground like the boys are."

"Ok, I see why he would think that." Jake said. "But why keep this fro att, he has seen all the other naked paintings - he doesn't mind."

"Two reasons." I said holding up two fingers for emphasis. "One - This i here Martin and I come when we need to jerk off. It's petty and selfish o im, but he likes his privacy sometimes." I said bluntly.

"Two - Take a closer look at the boys around the Goddess." I made a gestur owards the most overt masturbator I could find. Back arched and fac ightly contorted, hand clasped tight around his small but viciously har oner. An almost invisible jet of cum shooting from the slid in his cock.  topped and watched Jakes expression go from inquisitive to shy in the fiv econds it took his brain to register what he saw. Evidently, he had bee o focused on the woman he hadn't quite seen what was going on in th ackground.

"Oh." Jake said, seemingly understanding. His gaze shifted away from th ainting and to the ground.

"If and when Matt sees this, he is going to freak out, don't you think?"  sked.

"No." Jake said, still not looking at the painting. "I... I am not sayin e'll be a fan, but he'd definitely want to see it. At least he should b iven the chance."

"I agree, I am just not sure how to do it. I've left it up to Martin, an e has left it up to Lars -- I think. Don't worry, if he takes too long,  ill make sure to show him."

"Alright then." Jake said. He was still averting his eyes from the artwork nd I was beginning to think he might want to leave. Then again, lookin etween his legs there might be something else going on. While we ha alked his cock had hardened up to what I could only imagine was close t ts full potential. The kind of hard on you only saw on super horn eenaged boys.

"Which one is your favorite?" I asked, placing my arm around hi houlders. When he didn't understand my question at first, I gesture owards the buffet of masturbating boys lined up in front of us. H nickered but a shy smile was showing on his face.

"You first." He said. He discreetly, and probably unconsciously, cupped  and over his boner. I grinned, as he sent me a shy expression and let m yes wander over my options. I already knew my answer, but I still wante o give the impression I was making a tough decision.

"Him." I said, slowly sliding my hands over his hollow chest as I pulle ree and walked over to my native boy of choice. My favorite of the bunc as one that had already finished. He was a little older and a little bi aller than me. His naked body had several of the same tribal markings tha e'd painted on ourselves. He had wild hair that had formed natura readlocks mostly at the top and down the back of his neck, with a pair o arge ears keeping the locks from falling into his face. He was well toned ike someone whose life involved many physical outdoor activities. His coc as still rock hard, he had probably cum less than ten seconds ago, at th oment this painting had captured. His crotch was hairless and probabl mooth as silk, even though the penis was developed well into his mid- t ate teens. Standing to attention the thing was long and curved upward ith the wet glands exposed to the air by the completely retracte oreskin. However, it wasn't that which drove me the most to particularl his boy. His eyes were hazel brown like the others but had a shine to the  could not describe. I could however imagine losing my mind in them wit im on top of me as he plunged into me. Moving my fingers over the smoot tone surface, it was almost like I could feel his hard muscles. Almos nconsciously I brushed the tip of my dick over the stone surface, it wa eird as fuck, but I felt a contracting in my body, like a mini orgas hich threatened to push me over the edge completely.

"Casmin." Jake said in a whisper, suddenly standing next to me.

"Huh?" I asked, confused, thinking I might have misheard him.

"That's his name." Jake said, and brushed his fingers over the painting.

"What makes you say that?" I asked. "Does it say that somewhere?" I looke round stupidly. As if there'd be a little name tag there somewhere.

"You have a better idea for a name? I think it suits him." It took anothe ew seconds before I realized he'd just made it up.

"Actually, it does rather suit him." I said. "How did you come up wit hat?"

"Just popped into my head." Jake said. "Makes him sound like a princ oesn't it?"

"Kinda." I said, not really understanding what he meant by that. "Now tel e which one your favorite is."

Jake hesitated for a moment, he was looking up the row of horny islander nd walked all the way to the end.

"This one." He said, pointing to a boy whose eyes were closed, no quelched in concentration but just lightly closed while he ever s elicately bit his lower lip, as if his mind's eye was crystal clearl ocused on whatever it was, he needed to see for him to cum. It made yo onder what it was that got his juices, if it wasn't the goddess and i asn't the smorgasbord of horny boys in front of him.

"That's Jomiah." Jake said, his blushing was evident even in the spars ight. It was a good choice too, I had to admit. Jomiah was about as tal s Jake, but much wider over the shoulders, and he had a little bit of hai ver his penis, even though it was hard to see for his hand. He was the bo ith the lightest hair, even though it was still dark by my standards an is body decoration was limited to a hand print over his left breast and a ddly decorated cord, of the same type we had made with plant fiber, whic as bound around his thigh a few times and held several little hole eashells. Judging his dick was difficult because he had it in a tigh rasp, but the exposed glands was visible between his fingers an listening with fluids. His balls were tightly pulled up under the shaft s they often do when you are hard.

"What do you think he is fantasizing about?" I asked softly.

"His boyfriend." Jake suggested. I looked down at him as he reddene isibly at his own words. I didn't know where he was going, but he had m ttention. When he noticed my expression he quickly elaborated.

"I mean look at the hand print over his heart."

I looked at it intently. I didn't know what he meant, but I was eager t ear his opinion.

"That hand print is left there by someone else, not him." He said. "Loo he way it's angled with the little finger on top. You can't angle your ow ight hand on your left chest like that." He lifted his hand and twisted i round and tried to show how impossible it was to do, and ended up havin o rub his own wrist as he almost sprained it.

"So, someone else left a handprint over his heart?" I said nderstanding. "That's so adorable. Who do you think it is?" Almos nconsciously, I had started massaging my cock and balls a little bit, i as as hard as it had been since we had arrived.

"Obviously he is not here." Jake said. "He would be looking at him if h ere. Maybe he is somewhere else on the island or maybe he is... uh wha re..." He stopped and looked at my crotch. It wasn't unwarranted as I wa orderline masturbating next to him. I couldn't help myself but the though f this island boy sneaking off with an unknown other island boy and makin ove somewhere private sparked horny thoughts in my mind.

"Doing what I came here to do." I said and placed my other hand on th ounger boy's shoulder, while I gave in to the temptation and started t ull on stroke myself, next to him. I was surprised to find that he didn' eem as uncomfortable as I had expected. I could tell he was fascinated bu oo shy to look at me while I played with myself. I quickly reached a poin here I was on the edge and decided to slow down, I still had one mor hing to show him.

"Are you really going to do it?" Jake asked.

"I am not leaving here without leaving an offering." I said. I had  eeling that if I stopped now my balls would start physically aching.  lid the hand on his shoulder down his arm and grabbed his hand.

"Come on, let me show you." I said, and pulled him over to the middle o he shrine.

I placed Jake in front of me, and leaned forward behind him, draping m rms around the soft smooth skin of his shoulder, and directed hi ttention downward. There, between his feet was the small indentation tha plit the stone, too conveniently located and smoothed out to be  oincidence, but not so perfect that it couldn't have been made b and. Then again, I had seen a true masterwork of a statue on the talles eak of the island, so I knew the tribespeople had had some method o orking the stone.

"This is the part where the magic happens." I said softly into hi ar. "And the part we think Matt won't take well." I looked down past Jake aked body into the sacred crevasse at his feet. The other boy was supe ard, still. His little honey colored cock was standing right out from hi ody. I fought an impulse to grab and caress his balls. The little sa ooked so soft and cute, but I didn't. Jake was comfortable with bein uddled but I didn't think he'd be ok with me grabbing his dick withou sking.

"So, this is where you..." He said, trailing off. He had understood what i as all about a lot quicker than I had. The little crevasse was streake ith white from when Martin, Thor, Lars, and I had previously made ou fferings.

"Yep." I said. "That's what the boys are doing, we think. They give th ffering of their seed to the goddess. If you look closely you can se here is a hole where it can run down into the mountain."

"That makes sense." Jake said. "It's kind of like a symbolic girl part ight?"

"Maybe?" I said, the symbolism was not lost on me, but I didn't reall nderstand much about symbolism.

"So, where does it go?" Jake asked.

"We don't know." I said truthfully. "We just think it's an offering, w on't know what the goddess does for us in return."

"Maybe she grands fertility." Jake suggested.

"I hope it isn't that simple." I said. "I really wish we could find som ore clues as to what these deities are." I gently caressed Jakes chest an eleased him, only to step around the crevasse so we stood on eithe ide. "All I know is, that I am going to make an offering. You can too i ou want." I knelt down in front of the offering place and sat down with m nees on either side.

"I don't know if I should." Jake said. To my surprise he sat down India tyle across from me, and looked at me shyly while I started working m ock again. I felt the buildup I had from edging so long and knew I coul um as soon as I felt like it. "I mean, isn't this like worshipping a fals dol?"

"What's false about it?" I said through deep breaths. "They didn't mak his here, because they thought it didn't mean anything."

"That's not what I mean." Jake said, still watching me, now with ope ascination. "It's just..." He stopped himself as a peculiar sound escape e. My body had taken control and the orgasm struck me like a viper ending pleasurable vibrations up my body and thrown me off balance. Nex hing I knew was gooey shots of cum shooting from my cock with more forc han anticipated.

"Nnnngh." I exhaled as more juice was leaking out of me and I fell bac nto my butt. Shortly after my head started swimming with endorphins and  ighed deeply, looking up at my friend whom were looking at me sheepishly.

"Man, that's good stuff... sorry about that." I said, as I noticed th irst shot had landed on his chest, and the second one on his thigh. I too  quick look into the crevasse and was glad to see that I had at leas otten some of the cum in there.

"Here let me get that." I said, and wiped the cum that had gotten on m and, off on the edge of the crevasse so it ran down the side and into th ole. Then I reached out to Jake but he just shrugged and wiped it off wit  finger.

"I got it." He said and wiped my juices off himself with a way mor racticed hand than I had expected, and without any indication that h hought it was strange or gross. He went to wipe it into the crevasse lik  had done, but I shot my hand out to stop him.

"Wait, you can't" I said. "You can't put it in there, it's my seed so yo an't give it."

"But you just did?" Jake said incredulously

"Yes, but it's mine to offer, you can only offer your own. I told you thi ight be a stupid ritual, but we take it seriously. If nothing else, the or Martins sake. It means a lot to him.

"I thought you were an atheist." Jake said.

"This island has shown me enough magic that I can't just dismiss it."  aid. I knew I was talking myself into a dead end, but Martin was right i ome capacity. Then to my utter surprise he opted to lick my cum off of hi ingers instead, without a hint of him thinking it was gross.



The two of us got to our feet. After having cum I was a little less pent u nd my horniness had dropped with a few percent. My cock was still hard ut now it had the aching half-chub you sometimes ended up with in th ftermath. I was sleepy though and would have gone to bed right here if i asn't because of the lack of soft bedding.

"Why do I have a feeling there are still somethings you haven't told me?"  sked.

"There is." Jake said flat out, he too was rubbing his eyes and yawning.  aited for him to elaborate but he didn't, and I didn't pressure him. W rrived back at the place on the beach where Jake and Sebastian had set u heir sleeping arrangement in the sand with the blankets. To both of ou urprises, Sebastian wasn't there as Jake had expected, instead there wer ust a bundle of readymade blankets which looked very inviting right now.

"He is probably sleeping somewhere else like he said." I said. "Mind if  oin you instead?"

"Sure. He's still up goofing around, there is room for all three if h ants to join us later." Jake replied with a huge yawn and scratched hi alls while I flung the upper blanket aside and crawled in betwee hem. They were a little coarse on my sun-scorched skin, not in the leas ecause of the sand, but as soon as Jakes small body joined me under it, i as not hard to find a comfortable position. He was not in the least bi hy about snuggling in close to me to the point where his soft little dic as pressed against my leg.

"You know it's my turn to challenge you right?" I whispered.

"Not now." Jake groaned.

"No, but soon." I said and kissed his hair.



[Tags: Masturbation]

