Date: Wed, 14 Oct 2020 13:40:52 +0000 From: Human Man <gladly11@hotmail.com> Subject: Island, Chapter 1

Hello. I wrote this story a long time ago and over a very long period of time, and have posted it elsewhere in the past. I figured it was time I posted it here too but some people might recognize it, who knows.

Disclaimer: This story is free fantasy, nothing in it ever happened and all characters are made up and do not resemble any real person, living or dead.

This story includes a whole lot of irrisposible behaviour, and I do not condone any of it. Including but not limited to: Sexual behaviour between males younger than 16 years old, underaged drinking, nudity, swearing, public urination, leaving teenagers unsupervised on a unspecfically located uninhabited island, pop-culture references, and bad jokes.

I kindly remind you that I am a stranger on the internet and anything you read is on your own risk.

If you like this story and feel like donating, you can. Not to me, I am a depraved person who writes erotic fiction with something that vaguely resembles a plot and then jerk off to the result. No, donate to Nifty instead, cuz they are great.

Lastly, I like the idea of adding Tags to a story so people know what they can expect to jerk off to, but I also find them to often be spoiling the story a little. With that in mind I have decided to put these at the bottom of the page, so if you need tags they can be found there.

Chapter 1: Martin - June 12th, afternoon

The boat made a coarse sound ageist the sand as it ran aground on the beach and all jerked in our seats as the impact went through the boat.

"Okay where here. Group 6 take your stuff and get out one at the time, though the front please." Our camp master yelled.

A man in his thirties with the very pronounced features of a Pacific Island heritage in an open shirt which showed his sculpted upper body. As he and his assistant stood up from their seats to escort us to land, I took my heavy green duffle bag and threw it onto the beach, before jumping after it. Since I had sat all the way in the front, I was the first to set foot on the island that was to be our home for the entire summer. I was followed by five other boys from the boat that was filled with teenagers all in the age between 13 and 16. I didn't know exactly where we were but I knew it was outside of all cell phone reception.

I should probably explain myself. My name is Martin, 15 years old, 5'2'' and I have a light brown hair color. At the moment I wore a green t-shirt and white shorts. This was the Great Island Camp, or as I call it The-ultimate-way-to-get-rid-of-your-teenager-all-summer-camp. The brochure called it "The best camp for young men to build independence, practical skills, spiritual matureness, character and new friendships" A couple of weeks ago, my mom informed me that I would be going here this summer in order for me to become an "independent adult", and learn to function without constantly being supported by others, as she put it. As if I didn't know she just wanted to get rid of me, in order to spend the summer in Italy with her new boyfriend. It was fine anyways. Like anyone want to hear the sound of their mother being boned every night in the next room. This was probably the most isolated place we could be. All I knew for sure was that we were currently in a group of Islands, which was part of another group of larger islands which were part of another group of even bigger islands somewhere in the South Americas and that this was one of them. I didn't even know how big it was, but I where sure that it would not take much more than an hour to walk all the way around it. The boat unloaded all the designated passengers and left towards one of the next islands visible in the horizon to unload the other teams, leaving me and the rest of group 6 utterly alone. I could see three of the other islands in total from here. Not clearly enough for any details unless you had a pair of binoculars. It was pretty hot outside and the sun was shining so bright as it only could in the tropical climate, we were in.

I looked at the other five guys who were hefting their own huge pile of gear and like me, looked around taking in the scenery. I knew their names from the introduction and the trip out here which had been as long as you could imagine. Their names where Matthew or Matt for short, Thor, Lars, Jacob, and Sebastian.

Matt was 16 and a pretty tall, blond guy with blue eyes. He was wearing a light white shirt, a pair of denim shorts and was otherwise barefoot, holding a pair of flip flops in one and. As he was the oldest of us, he was also team captain and had the overall responsibility as there would be no adults on the Island with us.

Thor was 15 years old guy with Scandinavian roots. He was also taller than me but with much broader shoulders and brown hair. I knew that he liked to play sports and train his body, which his muscular torso and upper arms was evidence of. He was wearing a pair of blue swimmer's shorts, a black t-shirt, sandals and a baseball cap.

Lars was 14 and was a chubby guy with a round face, his hair was short and had a light brown color with a single green highlight for some reason. I had spoken with him doing the trip down here and he was a pretty nice guy who liked photography, digital art and computer programming. He was very bummed out over this trip, since we would have no electricity and no internet access. If I had to guess, that was probably the reason why his parents had sent him here. He was wearing a dark blue t-shirt with a logo on the front that I didn't recognize, and a pair of sand colored shorts, and tennis shoes.

Jacob was also 14 with a normal build, an already tanned skin and red hair. He was a couple of inches shorter than me. He was a cool unostentatious guy who made fun of both himself and others constantly. I had noticed that he had a habit of saying and doing whatever he wanted. I had a feeling he could be very fun to be around but could get annoying if he was bored. Problem was that being on an island like this had the potential to be very boring indeed. He was bare-chested and his skinny upper body with a clearly defined ribcage. He was weaning pink Hawaiian shorts, a straw hat and a pair of sunglasses that looked to be expensive. Not a guy who cared one bit about what anyone thought of him.

Sebastian was 13 and the youngest of us. He had skin the color of milk chocolate, dark hair and very dark eyes. He was thin and kept his gaze angled downwards. Sebastian had been rather shy up until now as he hadn't said a word to anyone yet as far as I knew. I wondered if he was the kind of guy who got bullied at school and I was a little nervous that Jacob might give him more than he could handle. Sebastian was wearing a plain white t-shirt, a pair of black shorts with enough pockets to contain an army kit, and sneakers.

We went up to the campsite that was build a further up the beach in a little grove within a bamboo forest that looked to be covering most of the island. I thought it was weird to find bamboo here, but didn't really care. There were also a lot of palm trees and grass further away, even though the campsite was as sandy as the beach had been. Looking further up you could see that the island had a more mountainous terrain on its other side.

We used the rest of the day to set up camp, and erect the tents we were going to sleep in. The camp consisted of a wooden canopy over a bench table, a campfire, a shed filled with tools and other supplies, such as toilet paper, firewood and such. We had gotten a cold box full of food that the camp leaders would presumably come and refill occasionally. Further away I could see a shed that I thought had to be our toilet. I did not look forward to that, as this place would not have plumbing. We had been given a huge yellow brick of a walkie-talkie with a meter-long antenna so we could call our camp leaders in case we needed help. We had also gotten a bag full of envelopes that where marked with a date for every day we were going to be here. We did not get to slack off, just because we were unsupervised. We had to do our tasks if we wanted anything but the most necessary nutrition on this trip. We would be judged on how well we did these tasks and the team who did the best, would be rewarded when we returned home, we didn't know how though. We were of cause not permitted to open the envelopes before time, but that was pretty much only enforced with the honor system and I had no problem with that.

That evening we all sat around the bonfire as the sun was going down over the sea. Doing our setup of the camp I had taken off my t-shirt and I was lying on my stomach in the sand looking at the other guys. Matt, Thor and Sebastian had had all ditched their shirts as well. Sebastian had opened up more, doing the day, and had started talking to us. I wanted him to feel accepted even though he was younger. Jacob had even taken off his shorts and was only wearing his boxer-briefs now. I was enjoying the sight of the other guys as they were half naked in these bounty beach surroundings. At this point in my life I knew I was gay with little to no doubt in my mind, even though I was so deep in the closet, I was practically in Narnia. So, for now I would just enjoy the view. We were talking about our lives and hobbies when Jacob said.

"You guys need to see what I brought." He got up and ran to the tent he and I where sharing and came back with a two-liter bottle of sprite, he sat down and presented it like it was a treasure.

"Cool you brought soda!" Sebastian exclaimed. Jacob just grinned.

"Not exactly." He said and twisted the cap off. It had looked like it was unopened, but it slipped open way to easily and there was no sound of air escaping from the bottle.

"Give it a whiff." Jacob said, which Sebastian did. He immediately jerked his head away from the bottle as if something had stung him in the nose.

"What the heck is that?" He asked wrinkling his nose. I took the bottle and smelled it. The sting of alcohol was unmistakable.

"Vodka if I have to guess, pretty clever." I said. "How did you smuggle it without anyone knowing?"

Jacob smiled and explained.

"I took these old bottles of colorless soda and filled them with vodka, before gluing the strip back in place so the bottle appeared sealed. That way I could fool the scoutmasters. They only took a quick glance into our bags. Worst case scenario, they would have been confiscated.

"We're not supposed to drink alcohol." Sebastian said, stating the obvious.

"I know that you idiot, that is why I disguised it. I want to get a drink with some new friends. Do you want some? - Unless the team captain here doesn't grow a pair of angel wings and a halo." Jacob said and shot a glance towards Matt who had sat silently and stared into the flames, seemingly not paying attention.

"You kidding? I'm not your mom, let me have some too." Matt said sounding a little tired. He was obviously uncomfortable being put on the spot like this. Being the oldest he had been designated as the group leader by the camp master, but had clearly never asked to pe put in that role.

"I probably don't like how it tastes anyway." Sebastian said, sounding nervous.

"Nobody does. Let's see if we have something to mix it with. "He asked and stood up to look in the cold box.

"We have concentrated juice, both orange and apple." He yelled from the shed and came back with some plastic cups and two cartons of juice, of the cheap kind. Before long all six of us had a freshly made screwdriver in hand. Sebastian reluctantly sniffed his cup before taking a sip and then make a face as the bitter taste mixed with the presumably familiar flavor of orange hit his tongue.

"I have some cola too if anyone wants some." Lars offered.

"So how do you like it?" Thor asked. He himself was sipping the alcohol like someone who was used to the taste. Not what I would have expected from a guy who trained a lot.

"It's not that bad" Sebastian said. "Better than the beer I had once."

"You don't have to drink it, if you don't like it." Matt said. He was drinking his own slowly as well.

I must admit I wasn't a strong drinker either, not just because I was way too young to drink. I had to remind myself not to drink too fast or too many but before long I had started on my third serving. I could feel the influence of alcohol as pleasant numbness, and the lightheadedness that made the conversation so much easier. The sun had gone down long ago, no one really knew what time it was, and no one really cared.  A slow drizzle had started, but the bonfire was protected against the rain by a nearby palm tree.

"I'm hot, does anyone want to bathe?" Jacob asked.

"Now?" I was sitting comfort in the sand, but none of us had actually been in the sea yet, except for a short dip of our feet, since we had all been busy with our tents and our gear.

"Yes now, why not?" Jacob pressured; the weather is perfect.

"It's raining." Thor said. His voice only slightly affected by the alcohol.

"Exactly, you'll be wet anyways. Come on!" Jacob said and stood up.

"Good point." I said, a little louder than I had planned to, and got up from my seat to join him.

"Anyone else?" Jacob asked. The others shook their heads, mumbling their excuses to not go.

"Suit yourself." He said and without warning he stripped out of his underwear with a quick motion, and threw them ageist the tent, he and were meant to share. He then ran laughing towards the sea, before anyone could say anything. When Jacob had stripped naked, I had felt a jolt of electricity. I had never even considered skinny dipping as an option out here. I only got a short glimpse of his junk but it was all it took. I could feel the blood rushing to my dick and turned around and ran after Jacob who I had lost sight off. Even though it was raining there wasn't many clouds and the full moon illuminated the sea. I caught sight of Jacobs silhouette already wading out into the water. Normally I would never strip naked like this, especially when I had a raging hard on, but the alcohol made me careless and I had the chance to skinny dip with a hot boy even if it was just platonically. There was something excitingly old fashioned and forbitten about it which didn't help my erection one bit. I had to remind myself that occasionally being hard was normal, even though it was embarrassing. I unbuttoned my shorts and took them off, before tossed them in the sand. I hesitated before discarding my briefs but seeing Jacob's ass shine in the moonlight made me coy enough to do it before running into the water. I only ran a few feet out before I was tripped by the water. I fell face first into the still surf with a splash. Overcome by the sudden cold I quickly rose from the water with soaking wet hair and let out a "WUHW!"

Feeling the water around my naked body was amazing. I now understood why skinny dipping had so much appeal for some people. I had never known how much swimwear was constricting before now. As I looked up, I saw Jacob coming closer. Since the water only went up to just above his knees, I got a good look at his naked body for the first time. His stomach had a slight bulge and he had thin arms. His boyish dick was dangling lively between his legs, hanging slightly to the left. It was kind of short and his foreskin ended in a soft point. His balls where small and the sack was round and tucked tightly up under his dick like they were cold. He also had a small short patch of red hair just where his shaft connected with his crotch. I was so mesmerized by the beautiful boy in front of me that I was too late to react to his sudden tackle. He and I fell over in the water, both giggling and laughing wrestling around. I was clearly the strongest, but I was also inhibited by my hard on, that I did everything in my power to prevent touching him. At long last he managed to escape my hold and jerk away from me. We stood a second just panting from our match when he pointed to my erection.

"Happy to see me?" He said and grinned. I looked down my dick was not just hard now; it was throbbing to the rhythm of my heartbeat. I was sporting a good few inch with the skin peeling more than halfway back. I had a patch of dark hair that had filled in last year and was still growing.

"Yea... sorry about that." I said, blushing and feeling stupid for thinking he wouldn't notice.

"Hey don't sweat it, I get boners all the time. Usually for no reason..." He said "...and sometimes for good reason." He blinked and came closer, looking openly at it as if doing so wasn't weird at all.

I giggled and scratched the back of my head. I had never really had an opportunity to talk openly about myself or others like this, except in intimate moments with friends. But even then, there where sudden barriers that Jacob didn't seem to have. I could see his dick jerking a little, he was also getting hard and didn't lift a finger to hide it.

"I take it you jerk off a lot - I do." I said, spurred on by the alcohol and sudden tension. Every time I met a new guy around my age there was always a tiny hope in me that he was just a little bit like me.

"All the time." He said. "And honestly you have nothing to be embarrassed about your dick is pretty big, compared to the once I have seen from my gym class." He hesitated a little and asked. "Can I try and touch yours? I want to see how it feels."

My heart skipped a beat and I tried to play it cool. I wanted him to touch it, but I didn't want to look like I wanted to, so I just shrugged, like I didn't care one way or the other. He reached out and took a light grip around my dick, feeling it up. He was fully hard himself now and even though he was a great deal smaller than me, and his foreskin didn't peal back, I found it incredibly arousing.

"Wow you are really hard." He said and felt lower down on my balls and I let out a barely audible sigh of pleasure. He almost sounded impressed, and I couldn't help but feel like it was a compliment.

"Hey you liked that." He said as if it was a very significant discovery and messaged me again to see if he could get another reaction out of me. Despite my resistance he was not disappointed, and I softly moaned again.

"Does it really feel that good?" He asked?

"m-hmm." I said nodding slightly in agreement. It felt incredible to have another guy touching me like this, better than I had ever expected. Yet somehow Jacob had the ability to take what would otherwise have made this bloodcurdlingly awkward and made it into something unreal instead.

"Try it on me then, I want to know how it feels." He sounded more curious than actually aroused but it jumped on the opportunity. I reached out and grasped carefully around his boner. Jacob gasped and started to shudder with an amount of feeling I hadn't expected.

"Oh god that is good." He said, "Touch my balls too." I did and Jacob started moaning and making small movements with his hand. I took the opportunity of his ecstasy and moved around him so I stood behind him reaching around so I could feel him up with both hands, slowly but surely taking control of our game. A combination of alcohol and lust made me into a take charge kind of person that I didn't even knew I could be.

"Want me to finish you off?" I offered, whispering into his ear, my one hand already playing with his dick and balls, and the other caressing his stomach and chest. The only answer I got was a slightly more audible pant as he was already far away in his pleasure. I started jerking him of more intensely as I would myself at home. While my other hand explored him up and down. More or less without realizing it I started humping him from behind. I slit my dick in between his buttocks, sliding up and down. I moaned as he clenched on to me not knowing if he did it knowingly, or just because I was pleasuring him. I pushed my dick further in between his legs, humping back and forth as my own orgasm was building up. I suddenly climaxed and let out a moan into his ear while I was still fondling him. I clenched my ass tightly as well as my eyes and the muscle spasms made my toes curl, digging up the sand beneath me while my body shook. I could feel my dick hitting the back of Jacobs ball sack and now my several loads of

sperm shot out of my dick and soaked his balls. I both heard and felt Jacob cum as well and he jerked forward with a sigh of release. Even through the still falling rain I heard the splashes of his cum hit the water at least five times before seeping onto my hand with a gooey warm coating. As my orgasm subsided, I fell backwards on my naked ass in the wet sand, the water only deep enough to cover half my chest.

"Wow, that was intense." Said Jacob and turned around. His still hard dick was dripping cum into the water in front of me. I just looked smiling at him, a little embarrassed over how much I had been caught up in the moment.

He reached down between his legs and scooped some of me cum from where I had shot it, with two fingers.

"Ha ha, you came on my balls!" He said while looking at the goo shining in the moonlight. He then curiously licked some of it off his hand.

"Eww! How is it?" I said.

"Not bad, but not my favorite food either." he said and washed the rest of it off in the water and sat down next to me, jerking his hands between his legs, washing the rest of my sperm off.

I looked at my hand with Jacobs cum on it, before curiously licking it off as well. It was kind of salty but otherwise pretty tasteless. I had always been told cum tasted salty, but it might have been the seawater.

"Hmm..." I said and washed the rest of.

"Did you like it?" I asked.

"Yea I want to do it again later" He said. "Your hand felt so much better than my own, and I could use a jerk off buddy out here."

"A Jerk off buddy?" I asked.

"Yea, you know jerking off with someone else, it feels better. I used to do it with my friend, but then he lost interest. We never did it to each other though. Anyway, out here I don't know anyone yet, and privacy might be hard to come by. What do you say? We share a tent anyway."

"Alright." I said spurred on by his attitude. I found his candor and straightforwardness kind of sexy too I supposed. "It's a deal. It's going to be hard to find a time to jerk off, but when we share a tent and do it together it will be easier. But you should know that I'm pretty sure that I'm gay." I said. The ease of which those words left my mouth made me clamp my hands over my lips. Something about Jacob made him easier to talk to than anyone I had ever met so far.

"Yea I figured. No worries I don't judge. I'm quite bi-curious myself, so it will be fun."

He leaned in almost like it was nothing and kissed me on the mouth, probably just to try it. I didn't resist and for a moment our lips where locked together in a moment of strange curious passion.

We eventually got up and went back to the camp. My clothes where soaking wet from the rain so I didn't put it back on. Back at the bonfire the other sat where we had left them, all in a very good mood, but also pretty sleepy looking.

"Hey guys." Jacob said and sat down without displaying any intention of putting on his clothes. I intended to go to our tent and find some fresh undies but decided that if Jacob didn't care I didn't either and sat down naked. My crotch was aching presently after our sex-play but at least I was anything but hard anymore.

"Took you quite a while." Lars said, with a tired voice.

"Yea the water was great, you should had come with us." I retorted without a hint that anything other than an innocent skinny dipping had happened.

"Aren't you going to put you clothes back on?" Asked Sebastian. It was easy to see that he was slightly more than tipsy.

"Why should I?" Jacob said. "Being naked is the best, and we are all guys here. I always skinny dip. I didn't even bring a bathing suit." Sebastian looked impressed and a little taken a back at those words but seemed excided after a few seconds.

"That is pretty cool. I want to try skinny dipping too." He said.

"No reason why you can't." Jacob said. "We will do it tomorrow."

Nevertheless, Sebastian stood up and hesitated for a moment, before taking off both his shorts and boxer-briefs in one swoop. A small flopping nougat colored dick with a long of foreskin popped out for all to see. He had no pubic hair and his balls where small and neatly tugged up under his dick, only hanging down a little bit. He was obviously still developing, and I imagined he would be quite well hung in one or two years. He stepped out of his shorts and sat back down.

"Doesn't that feel better?" I asked.

"Yea, much better." He said. "The sand tickles my balls." We all laughed, and the talking continued as if everything were normal, after all this place was a whole new experience and we had a lot to talk about.

At some point we all went to bed. Thor and Lars were in one tent, Matt and Sebastian was in the other and Jacob and I in the last one. We laid down naked on top of our sleeping bags. It was too hot to sleep inside them so instead I pushed my luck a little and tried to worm closer to him. I didn't presume he would reject me and were not disappointed when he noticed my intention and deliberately snuggled in closer, I could feel Jacobs dick ageist my lap as he snug his hand onto my belly. With the alcohol and the mental exhaustion form all the new impressions, I fell asleep quite easily, drifting into a cloud of pleasant dreams.

[Tags: T/T, mutual masturbation, fondling, skinny dipping, frotting, cuddling.]

