Date: Tue, 27 Oct 2020 17:13:05 +0000 From: Human Man <gladly11@hotmail.com> Subject: Island, Chapter 6

Hello again wit chapter 6. Finally getting to find out what happened with Thor and Lars


Disclaimer: This story is free fantasy, nothing in it ever happened and all characters are made up and do not resemble any real person, living or dead... or undead (Woo spooktober)

This story includes a whole lot of irrisposible behaviour, and I do not condone any of it. Including but not limited to: Sexual behaviour between males younger than 16 years old, underaged drinking, nudity, swearing, public urination, leaving teenagers unsupervised on a unspecfically located uninhabited island, pop-culture references, compleate and utter disregard for STD prevention, some stuff you really shouldn't do with a camera, and bad jokes.

I kindly remind you that I am a stranger on the internet and anything you read is on your own risk.

If you like this story and feel like donating, you can. Not to me, I am a depraved person who writes erotic fiction with something that vaguely resembles a plot and then jerk off to the result. No, donate to Nifty instead, cuz they are great. There is a link for that here: http://donate.nifty.org/

Lastly, I like the idea of adding Tags to a story so people know what they can expect to jerk off to, but I also find them to often be spoiling the story a little. With that in mind I have decided to put these at the bottom of the page, so if you need tags they can be found there.



Thor - June 13th, late afternoon



I was still a little befuddled and blinded by the sun as I had dropped my sunglasses, and the sudden brightness dazzled me. I was looking at Lars's back as he disappeared into the overgrown island. Still unsure of what had actually happened I stood up, and then immediately dropping my shorts around my angles so I stood naked in the middle of the empty camp. I acted on impulse and slammed both my hands over by dick, before completely realizing I was alone. I quickly fixed my wardrobe malfunction, tying the strings and zipping up. Then I started to run after Lars. I still wasn't completely sure what was going on, but for some reason Lars had opened my shorts, and the lingering sensation of something having touched my penis was still tickling on my skin. I didn't really think about what I was going to do, but I followed him the best I could. He had gotten quite the head start on me and I had lost sight of him. I did my best to follow his footsteps in the sand. Luckily, not a lot of people walked here so his was the only set of tracks. But when the track seemed to disappear into some undergrowth I stopped for a minute and contemplated. I still wasn't sure what was going on. The sand was feeling really good under my bare feet and the air had begun losing temperature, so I felt like I had a lot more energy than I normally did this time of day. I still was a little confused what had happened. I was used to being naked around others, I was a sports player and on top of that, I had lived both in Stockholm and Copenhagen for most of my life, before moving to Sacramento two years ago. I had no problem with my body. But being watched in my sleep like that, that was a little weird. But I liked Lars, he was a little introvert but he was an interesting guy once you got him talking. I didn't want us to get alienated over this. I wasn't actually sure he had touched me, now that I thought about it. I had been sleeping, more or less. It could just as easily had been the wind or a bug. Unsure of where to go, kept walking along the beach. I knew that I would never find him if he was running around in the forest of bamboo.

After walking for about five minutes, or so, I reached the other half of the island, the part that was more rocky and harder to scale. I knew the island basically had three parts. Long sandy beach, covering half of the island's coast. A thick forest of bamboo and palms in the middle and a rocky mountainous cliff like half. Right here a lot of smooth boulders and stone ground formed a beautiful landscape leading out into the water.

There on one of the boulders facing the ocean and away from me, was a chubby human figure with the low going sun behind him, the sinking light in my eyes making his figure hard to look at. He didn't seem like he had noticed me. For a second, I thought about just turning around and go back then act like I didn't even remember or hadn't taken him opening my shorts as anything but a practical joke. Maybe it was a practical joke, I had friend who'd do worse if you had the audacity to fall asleep in their immediate vicinity. But I decided to stay. I was pretty sure that telling him that I wasn't mad, was better for everyone. Especially since we would be sharing a tent, and I didn't feel like having that screwed up awkwardly for the rest of our stay. Worst case scenario he would ask to trade tents, and that would open up a whole new can of social awkwardness that I was not ready to deal with.

The truth was that I was a shyer than I liked to project. While I had many people, I considered friends, only very few of them I considered close friends. As said before I played a lot of sports, mostly soccer as it was the sport I had grown up with. But in the last two years, American football had taken over, though I was not backing down for a basketball match if challenged. But even though I was shy, I dealt with social issues when they were happening, rather than push them away and letting them fester. That was also what drove me to act, rather than just pretend like this didn't exist.

As quietly as I could, so he didn't run away again, I climbed the rocks until I reached him. From here there was about four meters to the calm waters. He sat with a little pile of stones and threw them into the water one by one. I reached out to grab a stone from the pile and throw it out a little further than his. At my sudden appearance Lars jolted, startled as one could expect. With his sudden movement he also accidently pushed something black and plastic like, from the stone, that started scooting from the rock. I acted on instinct and grabbed it by a strap attached to it.

"Oh shit!" He exclaimed, sounding more than just worried. "Is it ok!?"

"Yea I got it, nothing happened." I said. Looking at the object, I saw it was a camera. From the looks of it, it was an expensive one too. I could tell that he had a hard time looking me in the eye.

"Oh good." he said, sounding relieved. "That thing costs nearly $1500." He reached for it eagerly and I was about to give it back, when a thought entered my mind.

"Can I see what pictures you have taken?" I asked, that wasn't an unreasonable request.

"Well, I haven really taken any yet, can I just have it back please?" He said. He sounded a little too desperate to just let it pass. I pressed the on button and hit the replay button to see what he had photographed last. Lars jumped for the camera, but I was way stronger than him, so It was no problem holding him back. Immediately I knew why he had done so, and my suspicions where confirmed. I was looking at what was unmistakably my own dick and balls between the zipper of the shorts I was wearing right this second. I flipped back though the last few pictures and saw different variations of the same image, some sharper, others more dull or dark. Lars still fought to get the camera back, but he was running out of energy. I was holding him with his head under my one strong arm, while looking at the camera.

"Give it to me, you idiot. Its MINE!" He more or less screamed. As he kicked and wiggled to get loose. My heart skipped a beat as the next pictures was of Matt and Sebastian sleeping in their tent, Sebastian being stark naked. This same thing repeated itself with equally hot pictures of Martin and Jacob also sleeping in the nude. I could feel my dick twitch a little. I had never been totally sure of my sexual preference. I knew I liked girls' bodies, but I wasn't much for hanging around with them. But there was also something undeniably hot and erotic over men's bodies, and I had a far easier time relating to them. I immediately knew what Lars must had been doing, and why he had done so.

I let go of Lars's head and handed him the camera. He snatched it out of my hand, and turned his back on me. Sitting as he did before, but now with his camera in his lap, he continued to throw stones into the water. Now I had also reached a point where I was the one who didn't know what to say, so I chose do say nothing. I just laid down on my stomach on the warm smooth stone surface. It felt good on my skin, even thought it was a little sandy. For the next ten minutes none of us talked. I just stared at his back, and I was sure he could feel my gaze burn. I wasn't mad or angry like that, but I still kind of wanted to talk about this.

As Lars threw the last stone he finally spoke.

"I guess you want me to delete the pics, huh?"  He said, with gloom in his voice, still not looking at me. "Well I'm not going to."

I waited a few moments before answering.

"Didn't think so. Though maybe the others feel differently." I said. I didn't really know why, but the thought of being on camera like this had actually excided me a little, and I could feel my dick starting to throb again. Why was this turning me on so much?

"If they insist on running around naked..."

"Dude, relax." I said. "I won't tell them. Though I would appreciate it if you'd take pictures of us when we're awake. If you want, we can take some more those of me aren't very good, are they? Dick pics are an artform after all." I said. I had no idea why I said that, this was so unreal. But I knew I wanted to. Lars immediately turned around and looked at me.

"What?" He said, looking at me as if I was playing the cruelest joke on him. "You are serious?" he said. As a response I sat up with my legs spread out, leaning on my arms. My bulge was now making a small tent in my swimming shorts.

"What do you say?" I asked. His face immediately lit up.

"Awesome, where? Right here?" He asked.

"Hey you are the photographer." I retorted. "You pick a good spot."

He blushed even more than he already was. But stood up and looked around. After a few seconds he jumped down to the stone below and said.

"Actually, right here is good. I'll stand here so we get the sea, but no lens flares."

I adjusted into the position I had before, just facing him and with one foot hanging from the edge of the stone, in a way that made it obvious that I had a boner in my shorts. I tried making my best seductive smile to the camera, even though it was probably terrible.

"Yes, that is good." Lars said. As he started shooting. "Ok, now drop them..." He said with a little too much enthusiasm. He blushed even further and added. "...If you are ok with it."

I grinned and started loosening my shorts and pulled them down over my laps. My hard, horny dick sprang forward and throbbed into the air. It was bigger than I had ever seen it in my life, but I also felt hornier than I had ever done before. The whole time I could see that Lars was pitching a major tent in his shorts as well. The thought of my photographer being just as horny as I was, only made me even more fired up.

Lars was pretty amazing at this too. He came up with one position after the other. Being ordered around like this felt so good I wholly lost myself in the experience. We took some both with me standing, sitting, laying down and on all four. Some where I had my ass against the camera. Some where I was looking into the setting sun, a few where I had my hard dick in my hand. We even took a few where he was laying below me while I was standing up, so he photographed my junk from below, that one was my own suggestion.

We ran out of ideas at about the same time as we ran out of usable sunlight. We finally sat down next to each other, me still naked, and looked them though. It felt really good sitting here with the warm smooth stone ageist my bare ass and my balls. I remembered how good being naked outside felt, growing up in Sweden, that had become less common when I had grown older and moved to Denmark. Furthermore, moving to the US had made it completely out of the question. Now the feeling of wind and nature around my naked body was back.

"Wow they are really good." I said. I was genuinely impressed.

"They are." Lars agreed. "I can't wait to get home, then I can improve them with Photoshop, on my computer."

"Awesome, just don't put them on the internet. I don't feel like getting them out there." I said. "They are just for you and me."

"That's a deal." He said.

We sat a little longer looking the pictures though. Before I spoke again.

"Hey you wanna go wash off." I said. "I haven't done that since I was a kid, and I just remembered how good it feels." I asked.

"Sure." Lars said. "Let me just put the camera in where it doesn't fall. Go find a good spot ok."

I nodded and headed down towards the water. I looked around before finding a good spot, where a couple of rocks was arranged to kind of a natural tub filled with ocean water. I felt like that would be best seeing as it was getting pretty dark without the sun, even though the moon was very bright. Also the water in the tub would probably be warmer here, since there was less water to heat by the sun. I could feel the wind being just a little chilly so quickly climbed in. The water was warm, as I had expected, but still cool enough to be refreshing. Me penis was flaccid again now, even though the feeling of excitement was still in me.

Lars tuned up next to the tub and smiled at me, while taking off his sandals. He then stuck one foot into the water, to crawl in.

"Hey what are you doing." I asked.

"I'm getting in." He said.

"Still dressed? C'mon you just shot naked photos of me, can't you at least skinny dip with me? I wanna see you too."

"Wait no... I don't look as good as you do." he said.

"And I don't care, take it off." I said. "There is nothing wrong with your body, now get naked and get in here. It's just me." I said.

Lars hesitated but then slowly took his t-shirt over his head. He actually wasn't that fat, he was just a little chubby, which I found enticing in a man. The enormous t-shit he was always wearing, made it look worse than it was. He hesitated again at the shorts but then seemed to build up courage and pulled them down in one swoop, shorts and underpants at the same time. His hard dick jumped out into full view like a spring. It was actually quite a bit bigger than mine, which I had suspected, and my own dick started to twitch again. He had little hair on it, which he probably regretted. I had gotten hair on mine early, but I hated it, so I shaved it often. His foreskin was only half way retracted over the head, and it curved upwards. He got in the water and sat right next to me, which both felt strange and awesome since his hip was touching mine. I dared to put an arm around his shoulder, and he didn't recoil.

"So how long have you known you where into guys?" I asked.

"For a long time." He said. "At least since I caught one of my classmates jacking off through his bathroom window. I took a picture of it."

"Cool can I see it?" I asked. Apparently, this habit of taking naked pictures who didn't know it wasn't a new thing. I knew I should be abhorred about it, but I wasn't.

"No. Lars said. "It's on a flash drive in my room, I have a secret stash. Maybe someday."

 Another few minutes went by, before Lars asked.

"Have you ever kissed a guy before?"

I laughed a little.

"Only on a dare. I've never even kissed a girl, but that's cuz I don't hang out with a lot of girls." I said. Which was true. "

"Wanna try?" He asked. I could feel my heart almost skip a beat and it started beating faster. My dick started twitching again and become hard. I didn't even think about it, I just knew I had a chance here and that I really wanted to. I leaned down over him looking into his eyes. Now knowing whether or not I should, then I just went for it. We locked lips for a few seconds. He tasted good, really good. But then it was over. I looked at him, and he looked at me. Then almost at the same time, we started kissing again. Almost instinctively I opened my mouth and kissed for real. My tongue was all the way in his mouth and next his was in mine. It was a slow passionate kiss, but it was so real I didn't even know how to describe it. I moved over and sat with a leg on each side of his body, to get to him even better. Suddenly I couldn't feel close enough to him. I could feel his body ageist mine, and his dick against my dick. I moved my hand down to fondle his balls, I wanted to play with him and make him feel good. I held the two dicks together with my hand and started humping him, I could hear and feel his pleasure as well as my own.

Then I broke the kiss, but kept humping, I had gotten an even better idea, and I wanted to it now, before the moment passed.

"Do you mind if I try something?" I asked, breathing heavily. But Lars was so far away in his extasy he couldn't do anything but nod furiously. I started kissing him again, this time on his shoulder while I grabbed his ass with both hands, lifting him out of the tub sitting him on the rock, with his feet on the seat he and just been sitting on. He was heavy but the buoyancy of the water and my eagerness made it easier. I kissed his belly a few times and hesitated before I went any further, face to face with something I had wanted to try for years, but never really known how to approach someone about. I took a few trying licks on his dick right in front of my face. Lars moaned and grabbed my hair. After a few seconds I build up my courage and took the whole thing into my mouth. The taste was awesome, musky, salty and extremely erotic. I started suckling on it, as if it was a lollipop, trying to get the whole taste out. I let my tongue under the foreskin and moved it around under there.

"Oh god." Lars said as he lashed his head backwards. "That is... Oooohhhh!" I wasn't done yet though. I couldn't believe I was sucking a cock for the first time in my life, and it felt awesome. I took his dick out of my mouth and started working in his balls instead, licking and sucking on them, while his throbbing dick was scraping against my left cheek.

"Thor... I'm gonna... I can't... I have to... Urhhhhh!" Lars suddenly said tensing up and throwing his head back. I could feel a warm liquid squirt on my cheek, my ear, and hitting the water behind me. He shot again and again, each time with a little less power than before. At last he relaxed and let himself slide back into the water. Still breathing heavily his body becoming like puddy.

We sat close in a few minutes just hanging out, random parts of our skin touching in the small natural basin.

Not long after we started talking, sharing personal secrets, who we secretly wanted to do something with, both girls and guys, it turned out, on my part now that I thought about it. People I knew, people I didn't know, celebrities, sportsmen. My friend from football named Sander whose naked body I had seen so many times. With Lars it only boys, mostly his classmates though he did confess to have wanked to the mental image of his older brother in the tub, once. I didn't judge. While we were talking Lars started playing with my hard dick under the water. I let him, and I wanted him to. It felt so good. At some point when I was telling about a fantasy of mine, where I was fucking my team mate Sander from football practice, I the ass while everyone on the team looked at us, in the locker room. I suddenly couldn't speak as a powerful orgasm fell over me, rushing through my body. I groaned so loudly I thought they might hear it all the way back in the camp, while pumping what felt like several liters of cum out into the tub. When my orgasm finally subsided and we decided to get out. I had been watching the wispy white sperm spin around in the tub for a while, when Lars suggested we turned back. I nodded.

"Don't forget the camera." I said.

"Not a chance." Lars replied. He got out of the pool leaving my tired body to get out myself. When I got out Lars returned and dipped both our shorts in the pool, before handing me mine.

"Why did you do that?" I asked.

"So, it looks like we used them." He explained.

"Can't we just go naked now? Half the camp does it anyway." I asked

"No please, I don't want them to know about this - None of it. Its ok if you are naked around the others tomorrow, but can't you keep the pretense up, just for me?" He looked at me with adoring eyes.

"All right I'll do it for you." I kissed his forehead and put on my wet shorts. Then I took his hand and we strolled back, talking and laughing, we didn't let go until just before we could see the camp.



[Tags: Exhibitionism, mutual masturbation, oral]
