Date: Mon, 21 Dec 2020 18:30:54 +000 rom: Human Man <gladly11@hotmail.com ubject: Island, Chapter 12

Greetings. I felt like releasing this chapter quickly to make up for th onth I was away. I hope you'll like it as things will step up a littl it. Keep sending me positive messages, because I love hearing which part ere your favorite.


Disclaimer: This story is free fantasy, nothing in it ever happened and al haracters are made up and do not resemble any real person, living or dead.

This story includes a whole lot of irrisposible behaviour, and I do no ondone any of it. Including but not limited to: Sexual behaviour betwee ales younger than 16 years old, underaged drinking, nudity, swearing ublic urination, leaving teenagers unsupervised on a unspecfically locate ninhabited island, pop-culture references, compleate and utter disregar or STD prevention, some stuff you really shouldn't do with a camera ating or otherwise inserting into yourself unfamiliar fruits you find i ature, and bad jokes.

I kindly remind you that I am a stranger on the internet and anything yo ead is on your own risk.

If you like this story and feel like donating, you can. Not to me, I am  epraved person who writes erotic fiction with something that vaguel esembles a plot and then jerk off to the result. No, donate to Nift nstead, cuz they are great. There is a link for that here ttp://donate.nifty.org/

Lastly, I like the idea of adding Tags to a story so people know what the an expect to jerk off to, but I also find them to often be spoiling th tory a little. With that in mind I have decided to put these at the botto f the page, so if you need tags they can be found there.



Chapter 12: Sebastian - June 15th, evening

It had gotten too dark to read any further in our book and the hammock wa ow taken up by Thor who was taking an 'after dinner' nap. I had enjoye nuggling up with Jake, more than I had thought I would. There wa omething embarrassing about cuddling with a boy that had made me hesitat o get into the hammock with him, but Jake had talked me into it. I wa till pretty stunned that no one, not even Jacob, or Lars, who had clearl een it, had teased us about it. Lars had even commented how comfortable w ad looked. Right now, Jake was relaxing with his head in my lap, while  as running my fingers though his silky-smooth hair, which still containe eathers from our dress up. He had put his t-shirt back on, probably mostl ince the temperature had dropped a little bit. I was still very muc omfortable with being naked. It wasn't that cold, and the campfire wa nly ten feet away. No one else around the campfire was paying us an ind. Martin was in the middle of telling a ghost story. Something about  uy delivering pizzas to a house where a psychopath was living.

Andre was providing some scary background music on his guitar, with Mat itting next to him. Jacob was listening intently to the story, sitting o is bare butt in the sand.

Martin was a pretty good storyteller. I couldn't help but think that he' ake a great game master, if he had been into roleplaying games. Lars wa itting next to Jacob. I found his costume pretty interesting. The way h as sitting meant that everyone could see up under his skirt of leaves t is dick and balls, even though they covered him when he was standing. Tha as pretty smart if you wanted to be both naked and not at the sam ime. He was still sorting all of our new pictures into the phot lbum. Everyone was still in their costumes - more or less. Some ha emoved some of the more cumbersome pieces of decoration. Martin ha emoved his crown of leaves, for example.

"But when Mike opened the box". Martin paused, making a long creaking soun nd mimicking that he was opening something he had in his hand. "He found  ig glass jar, with a severed head, floating inside."

Andre struck an eerie accord on his guitar.

"And when he looked closer, he saw that it was - HIS OWN HEAD!" Martin mad  spooky voice. Andre made a pretty good recreation of a whining sound fro he strings. However, a guitar was not really ideal when you wanted to mak cary music.

"Pretty scary stuff." Matt said, trying to hold back a yawn. "I'll brush m eeth and go to bed." He stretched before getting to his feet. "Shoul robably wash off this paint too."

"Aww." I said. "You look so good with it."

Matt ruffled my hair a little bit, smiling tiredly.

"It was really fun to dress up, but I think we'll need to get it off, o e'll have dirt all over our sleeping bags." He said. "Can't very muc leep in the costume either."

"It's not a costume." Martin said. "It's a traditional tribal ge p... sort of."

"Correction." Matt said. "I am wearing a costume. YOU are just naked wit lay all over. We can't walk around like this."

"Eh, yea we can." Jacob said. "Who is gonna stop us."

"They do have a point." Andre said. "I like this, but you are right abou he paint."

Matt looked defeated and decided to roll his eyes and back down.

"You wanna come?" Matt looked at me.

Jake made a groaning sound and snuggled a little closer into my lap. I wa ware of how close his face was to my dick. In fact, if I got a boner righ ow, it would poke him in the face.

"I think you got down voted." I said, still stroking Jakes hair. I'm no eally tired yet anyway. It's only 10 o' clock.

"That's a little early for bed, isn't it?" Martin said, when Matt had lef s.

"He and I were up early too, remember." Andre said. "As fun as this islan s, it isn't exactly full of great places to sleep. I only have a thin ma o sleep on.

"Can't we change that." I suggested. The others looked at me.

"We already have a hammock and there aren't any mosquitos." I pointe ut. "Can't we make a better bed if we want to?"

"I guess. But it does rain sometimes, so we'll still need the tents then."

"We'll think of something." I said. "We know how to make rope now, so w an make all sorts of things."

We all stayed up for almost an hour before everyone started going t ed. Andre went to bed as the next one, followed by Lars. Thor seemed t ave fallen asleep in the hammock, so no one bothered him, all though Lar ere kind enough to put a blanket over him

"Guess I am sleeping alone tonight." He whispered to me.

"If you are lonely you can join me and Jake." Andre grinned.

Lars stuck out his tongue. "Nah, I'm good."

I could feel I was getting sleepy as well. I hadn't moved, since Jake wa till laying on me. I saw that he had fallen asleep too.

Martin and Jacob was having their own conversation. Something about a plac hey had found on the island. I was curious about it, but was too tired t ake inquiries now. Instead I gently pushed Jake.

"Sylvis..." I whispered we had already gotten so used to using ou lternate names for each other, that I didn't think about it anymore. " hink it's time for bed."

Jake turned and seemed to wake up a little bit.

"What?" He said, yawning.

"I think we should go to bed." I said. "You fell asleep."

"I am exhausted." Jake said. "I gotta pee though."

I stood up and held out my hand to haul Jake to his feet. He graciousl ccepted it, and stumbled giggling into my arms.

"Let's go to the beach and rinse the paint off. You can pee on the way."  aid. I didn't let go of his hand. Martin and Jacob didn't seem to notic t, or even that we left.

"Do you think the others find it weird that we have gotten so touchy?" Jak sked. He moved the little piece of cloth that was covering his privates t he side, and started peeing while walking backwards, leaving a trail o et sand behind him in a squiggly line. I giggled at the sight. He wasn' ven holding on to his penis as he did so, just like I had stopped doing.

"Nah they seem fine with it. Do you mind?" I asked.

"Na ah." He replied. "I love it when we are sitting really close. I lik he way you smell."

His words made me giggle some more, and blush, even though you couldn't se t. He put both his arms around my neck, and leaned up against me hi orehead resting against my neck as we walked.

I could feel that he hadn't tucked his penis back into his home mad udoshi after he was done peeing. It lightly touch my butt as he held m lose.

"It was a brilliant idea to cover my scar with paint. It felt so good bein hirtless again, I almost don't want to rinse it off." He said, stil eaning on my shoulder.

"I know. You really look like a sorcerer with those runes." I said. "We ca lways paint it back on again."

"Hey, I am a wizard." He said with almost false indignation. "You know th ifference."

"I know I was just teasing." I said. He responded by tickling me. We kne e had reached the beach when we started hearing the waves. Jake, stoppe o remove his makeshift underwear and threw it in the sand before we walke ny closer. Suddenly I could also hear the muffled voices of two othe eople. The deep voice could only belong to Andre, and I could recogniz att's voice everywhere. I couldn't hear what they were saying just yet.  topped, alert like a dog that caught wind of something. I remembered Mat ad said that he would go wash off, and figured Andre had joined him.

"What." Jake whispered. He had gone back into adventurer mode. Suddenly h as Sylvis again, listening to his guide. I held up a finger to keep hi rom talking, and then beckoned him forward towards the two who wer alking. The sand muffled our footsteps completely

"You sure you don't want to do it again tonight?" Matt asked.

"Yea." Andre answered. "We can't disappear two nights in a row."

"Alright." Matt sounded a little disappointed. A question mark formed in m ead, what were the two of them talking about. I looked at Jake, who seeme s confused as I was. The two of them were silent for a few seconds befor hey heard our footsteps.

Matt suddenly turned around and looked into the darkness, right where Jak nd I were standing. Jake was halfway crouched behind me.

"Eh hi..." I said. "Sorry..."

Matt seemed stumped for a moment, but Andre smiled.

"Came for an evening dip after all?" He asked. "It's a good idea to get th aint rinsed off."

Jake seemed reluctant to go into the water. I knew he didn't want them t ee his scar, when the mud was rinsed off.

"Don't worry." I whispered into Jake's ear. "It's too dark, they want se t."

I took Jakes hand and gently lead him to the water, we walked out a fe eters from Matt and Andre, and began washing ourselves. With the atching, we didn't want to wash each other. I noticed that Jake didn' ash his chest.

"It's really hard to get off." I noted, when I scrubbed my hip, where th ragon was still visible despite me scrubbing it vigorously.

"Probably needs soap." Matt said. "Remember the fruit juice is quite oily."

When we were done we went up to the others, both of them were sitting wher hey had sat when we came.

"You too have gotten quite close." Andre noted. "You really bonded."

"Yea." I said. "Jake and I have a lot in common. We both like fantasy stuf nd he is really creative, and we found something really cool."

"Oh yea, what did you find." Matt asked.

I hesitated to answer.

"We'll show you at some point, it's difficult to describe." I felt Jak queeze my hand, and realized I had almost said too much. I was sittin ext to him in the sand, with only our privates, butts and fee nderwater. The water looked like it was made of living black stone, wit he moon not being visible tonight.

We finally got up and went back to camp. It was strange seeing Matt wal aked next to others. His limp cock was bumping back and forth between hi egs. Both he and Andre were so much bigger than Jake and I dow here. With only a few years between us. I couldn't help but look at them.

"I kind of wish we could sleep on the beach." Jake said.

"What?" I said, I had been a little distracted.

"It was just so peaceful down there, and the tents are so hot." Jak laborated.

"There is technically no reason why you can't" Matt said.

"What would we sleep on?" Jake said.

"We have plenty of blankets." I said. "Why not?"

We reached the tents, everyone else seemed to have gone to bed now. Eve hough Thor was still in the hammock.

"Are you sure it's ok that we sleep on the beach." Jake asked Andre.

"Hey, it's our Island. You can sleep wherever you want." Andr aid. "Probably best if you don't go too far though." He was taking hi leeping back out of his and Jakes tent to move in with Matt. I had alread ollected two huge beach blankets and my pillow. Jake also had his arm ull of pillows and blankets.

"I guess that's true. We'll see if it's possible and come back if i oesn't work." he said. I grinned at him.



Jake and I returned to the beach several minutes later. Jake had opted t ut a t-shirt on, but was still naked from the waist down. We decided t eep a good distance to the water, since we didn't know how high the tide ould come in.

We took each end of the blanket and spread it out as much as possible. I ouldn't give us a lot of room, but if we lay multiple of then on top o ach other, slightly crooked. We could widen our sleeping area a little an over the gaps with another blanket.

"We are gonna get sand everywhere." Jake said.

"Not if we lay close together." I said. "Do you mind?" I asked. I knew w ad more or less cuddled all day, but this was still somethin lse. Cuddling together in bed was a very intimate thing, but I reall oped that Jake was up for it.

"N... no." Jake said. "But, is it weird sleeping naked with another boy? e asked.

"Not on this island. Martin and Jacob do it all the time, and I'm prett ure Thor and Lars have slept naked next to each other." I said.

"Ok." Jake said. "My mom doesn't want me to sleep naked. She says i nvites sin."

I scratched my chin.

"I don't see why it would. What does that have to do with the bible a ll?" I asked. "Besides you are wearing a t-shirt, so you aren't naked."

"That's true." He said. He giggled, when he seemed to have found a loophol n his mother's rule.

With that out of our heads, I brushed myself off from sand, and crawle nder the covers. The tropical air was warm, but the wind on the beac rought the temperature down. Getting under the covers with a warm bod ext to me felt so good. I turned to face upwards towards the sky. Keepin our eyes open when facing the sky always stung in the eyes. No matter i t was sun out or not. A blanket of clouds covered the night sky. I fel ow Jake settled in next to me his body was close up agains ine. Especially his penis touching my lap was breathtaking. It felt s ood to be this close to another person.

"I wish the stars were out." I said. "Have you noticed how beautiful th ky is out here, so much more than in the city."

"It's because there are no lights here. Last night you could see the Milk ay arch over us." Jake said. "Out here you can see everything."

I put my arm around him and let him rest his head on my chest, rather tha is pillow. His hand were on my belly, he was caressing the smooth ski ver so slightly. It made my dick react a little bit. I tried not to get  oner, but it was no use.

"You're hard." Jake giggled, when his hand accidentally touched it.

"Sorry." I said. "I... I just like it when you do that."

"It's fine." He said. "I could feel you were hard sometimes when we wer eading."

I blushed a little when he said that. I wasn't sure if he had felt it, whe e had both been laying in the hammock.

"You have a really nice looking penis." He said. I could feel him gettin ard too, my heart was beating faster now.

"Did you see how big Matt's penis is?" I asked.

"Yes." He timidly whispered back. "How big do you think it is when it' ard?" He was now fully erect, it was poking into my hip. I wanted to touc t, but wouldn't do it without asking.

"I have seen it." I whispered. "It gets really big, like this big." I hel ut my hand above my crouch to show how big it would be. I felt Jakes han over down my stomach and suddenly cup my balls. I gasped which made Jak iggle.

"I like the way you dick feels in my hand." Jake said.

I rolled over so that I was laying on my side, facing Jake. His nose wer nly inches from mine. I had my hand on his hip. His breath on my face wa rousing.

"Is it ok if I touch you?" I asked. His hand was still playing with m alls under the covers, his eyes transfixed on mine. He nodded withou aking his eyes off of mine. I found myself wanting to do the things I ha one with Matt, but with Jake. And much more than I had ever done wit att. Jake was just as young and naive as me. We just wanted to explor ach other bodies, and make each other feel good. I moved my hand up unde is T-shirt and nuzzled his body. I touched his butt, his back, his ches nd his belly. My other hand was already on his penis, touching it all ove ut not jerking it. We both giggled and snickered at the ticklin ensations that went tough our bodies when we touched each other. Suddenl akes hand was behind my neck, and mine was behind his. The feeling wa nbelievable. I knew what I wanted to do, and I was going to do it.

Jake's libs were like silk. His mouth was filling me with all the righ eelings, my heart was fluttering for what felt like a very long time. I as much better than him touching my penis, much better than having m enis inside of Matt, even better than running around naked all day an wimming in a pool of warm water with Jake.

Jake almost froze when I kissed him. His eyes were wide when I finall ooked back at him. I knew he had thought about it. He had moved his hea oo, but I didn't think he had expected us to actually do it.

"You... Kissed me." Jake whispered. "I've never done that before."

"You like it." I said. It wasn't a question. He did like it.

"You aren't supposed to kiss boys." He whispered. "That's... that's bad."

"It didn't feel bad." I whispered back.

"No..." Jake said. "It..."

He suddenly kissed me again, more intensely this time. Then he kissed m gain, and again. He rolled on top of me and kept kissing me. I hardl egistered how our bodies were in full contacts, and how our dicks wer rinding together. Sparks were flying in my head, some very primal thin nside me was roaring with happiness, and triumph. Jake finally stopped atching his breath. He was bent over me, his forehead touching mine.

"We shouldn't be doing this." He whispered heaving for breath. "It' rong."

I vaguely noticed that Jake's butt was planted right on my dick. Hi hrobbing member was jerking as if it too was a live breathing thing.

"Who cares." I said "Your parents, your pastor, and your friends are fa way. This is our island. We can do what we want here."

I felt him slide down next to me again. Our bodies were still touching.

"But we are having sex, aren't we?" He asked. "When you touch me dow here, it's sex."

"But... yea but..." I said. I didn't understand his argument. "It's a gam ight? We're having fun."

"But bad things happen, when you do it. We are boys, and we are no arried." He said.

"Those are all things I don't care about anymore. You don't need to b ppressed by the beliefs of your parents." I said. "You can read Harr otter and you can play dungeons and dragons. You can be naked with other n a beach and paint yourself with symbols." I paused for a second. "An ou can lay here, naked with me and we can touch each other."

Jakes face was inches from mine. I could feel the heat coming off of hi ody. His expression was one of pain and indecision. I kissed him again his time slowly and methodically. He could turn away if he didn't wan t. The kiss wasn't long but it was even more intense than the first few w ad.

For a little while we just laid there, caressing each other's dicks. Jake' ingers were dancing down the shaft of mine, slowly and methodically ending a constant stream of tickling pleasure to my brain. His eyes wer et, but he was smiling at me, our eyes locked. I could feel his heartbea hough his member in my hand. I pealed back his foreskin. It was easy sinc is was short and didn't fully cover the head in the first place. W ouldn't see what we were doing since it was under the blanket, but w ould feel everything. What I did make him giggle. Especially when I rubbe he moist head with my thumb. I felt him peal back mine too. It was harde o do when it was hard, but he still managed. My foreskin had always bee ery long, which had always made my dick look pointy when it was soft.

His finger on my naked glands was intense. The skin was so sensitive tha t was almost unbearable.

I moved my other hand from the small of his back, where it had rested, t is butt. Feeling the big muscle in my hand was comforting. I used it t coot a little bit closer. Our faces were so close now, that our noses ha o be over and under each other to they didn't collide. In the same motio  adjusted so that the two tips touched each other under the blankets. Jak ade a surprised sigh, but the following wave of intense pleasure paralyze oth of us momentarily.

"Do it again." Jake whispered.

I giggled and moved his dick so the two heads connected again. The feelin as amazing, and got even better when we instead started rubbing the tw ogether, me controlling Jake's dick and he mine.

"Let me try something." I said. I took my hand off of Jake's butt, an ently removed his hand from my dick.

"What are you..." Jake asked, but didn't finish as he felt me rolling m oreskin back over both my own head, and his. He gasped, as the two head ere now under the same hood. My foreskin was almost big enough to cove oth of the heads.

"Roll mine down too" Jake whispered, and started helping me do so. It was  ittle more difficult getting his skin down over mine, but when we did, th wo dicks were almost locked together.

Both of us giggled at the sensation. Every time we moved a little the tw eads rubbed together, sending sparks flying in my head, and presumabl lso in Jakes. Both of us started huffing and moaning softly as we bot ade slight movements, everyone making my body tickle everywhere. I coul eel my toes spasm and I had the feeling that I needed to pee. Jake starte aking out with me. He had removed his hands from the dicks, and wer nstead holding on to my neck, as we kissed over and over again. My hand ere busy holding both dicks, and moving them back and forth a little bit ntensifying the already intense pleasure. One was holding around bot icks, while the other was playing with Jake's balls.

Jake came, just when I was about to give up holding back much longer. Hi ody tensed up completely and his kiss turned into a nuzzle and he opene is mouth wide and gasped. Every muscle fiber in his body wa pasming. Then I felt the warm liquid spill into my foreskin, covering th nside of my dick with Jake's juices. Jake was just about to relax when  ame. My orgasm started in the dickhead and tore through my body. I curle y toes and fingers. My jaw locked up and my whole body shivered. Then m perm shot into the mix making the skin bulge and leak around the edges.  ore the two penises from each other, so that we wouldn't run out of spac or our juices. And felt myself shoot my last two squirts into our sheets ossibly hitting Jake.

Exhausted I rolled over on my back and fell asleep before I was don atching my breath. Jake scooted up close to me, pressing his body agains ine. He was wet and sticky but we were both too tire to care.



The next thing I remembered was something cold and wet landing on m ace. It took me a moment to snap back into reality. I had had a nic ream. Something about flying around over a tropical island, and ha orgotten where I was. By then a few more wet drops had landed on my face nd I realized what was happening, as soon as I opened my eyes to stare u t a black night sky. It had started raining. Heavy drops of water lande n us making hollow sounds against the blanket and the sand around us. Jak ad, apparently while still asleep, moved further under the blanket, t hield his face from the water.

"Jake..." I whispered into his ear. His head was still on my chest. "Jake!  said it again, and shook him a little bit. He grunted and starte urning.

"What?" A grunting voice said from somewhere under the blanket.

"It's raining."

"Huh?" The voice said, still not up to speed.

"It's raining." I said, a little louder this time. "We gotta move."

"Ah dam it. I was so comfortable." He said.

Both of us hastily got up from our make shift bed, and I quickly rolled i ll up into a roll. I could feel how my groin was still sticky bu laking. We couldn't have been asleep for that long. I cursed myself fo ot having foreseen that it could start raining.

"Come on." Jake said, and grabbed the other end of the roll, and hastil olted in between the bamboo and tree's whose numerous leaves created  ecent cover for the rain. It was right on time, because nature chose jus his moment to intensify the rain.

"That was close." Jake said. He spoke softly. There was something abou eing outside at night, which prompted someone so speak in a low voice.

"I hadn't considered that it would start raining." I said, almos pologizing. We laid the bedroll down on the ground, and I sat down on to f it. There was not enough room to roll it out here, and the undergrowt ould make sleeping here, a lot less comfortable.

"Maybe we should head back to camp." I suggested. "There are always th ents."

"Aww." Jake said. He was still standing. "I still wanna cuddle." H aid. "Can't we find somewhere else?" I stood up and put both my arms o ake's hips.

"Where would we go?" I asked. "We can't sleep here."

"You know the island better than I do, Gorm. You are the pathfinder afte ll." He said. I smiled and I kissed him on the cheek.

"Well, we can't go to the hot spring, there is not enough room, and ther on't be dry at all." I pondered. "I think I know one place, but I don' now if it'll be dry."

"Let's go check, if it isn't then we can go somewhere else." Jak aid. "Ew, I'm still sticky." He added, giggling."

Jake and I made our way towards the place I had in mind. The huge fla tone that I had visited with Matt, and where he had let me play with hi ool, was easily large enough for two people to cuddle on. If we just pu own all the blankets, we could probably sleep quite comfortably there. Th tone surface would be hard, but it would be even. I really wanted to hol ake's hand while we walked, but he had to carry the other end of th edroll, so we couldn't do that.

"Shhh." I said, and stopped abruptly. Jake hadn't said anything, but no he less stopped. I had heard something not too far away. It sounded lik omeone struggling.

"What." Jake whispered and looked at me, I didn't look at him but held u y hand to signal that he should be quiet. I slowly set down my baggage an tarted walking forward. I wasn't sure what it was I heard, but I had  eeling it was best to not be heard myself. I started walking forward lowly so as to not make a sound. I could hear the sound getting louder, a ell as the silent footsteps of Jake following me.

Then suddenly I saw the silhouette of two people on top of the rock tha ake and I had been heading for. One person was lying flat on his back, o op of the rock with both legs around the other person whom was standing o he ground, bend over the first person. The second person was vigorousl hrusting his hard cock, up inside the butt of the first person, while bot ere laying forehead to forehead, staring into each other's eyes. Both wer oaning and panting, completely lost in each other. I shockingly recognize att's body and face as he was being pounded and fucked by the person whos ark skin and muscular body only could belong to Andre. When Jake was abou o gasp over what he was seeing. I quickly slammed a hand over his mouth t revent him from making a sound. I instinctively knew that we were no upposed to be seeing this. Yet both Jake and I were transfixed in what w aw.

Tearing myself from my fascination, I looked at Jake. He was shivering wit hock and his cock was rock hard, pulsing from the incredible sight.  arefully grabbed his hand, and dragged him away. It was paramount tha hey didn't discover us. I could feel it. I knew Matt would b evastated. Jake only resisted for a moment, then he let me drag hi way. We moved faster and faster until we were both running forgetting al bout our bedroll. We finally stopped when we reached the rocky part of th sland.

"Did... I just see what I thought I saw?" Jake said, with a shak oice. "Were they just...?"

"Yea..." I said, my heart pounding. "They were."

[Tags: Kissing, cuddling, masturbation, docking, voyerism.]


