Date: Sun, 1 Nov 2020 20:15:19 +000 rom: Human Man <gladly11@hotmail.com ubject: Island, chapter 7

Hello again. This is a long one but a lot happens in this episode. I don' now what it is, but for some reason as with a lot of Nifty stories hapter 7 is usually one of the most intresting chapters. I don't know wh ut this story is no different. Maybe it's just me. Anyway, enjoy.

Disclaimer: This story is free fantasy, nothing in it ever happened and al haracters are made up and do not resemble any real person, living or dead.

This story includes a whole lot of irrisposible behaviour, and I do no ondone any of it. Including but not limited to: Sexual behaviour betwee ales younger than 16 years old, underaged drinking, nudity, swearing ublic urination, leaving teenagers unsupervised on a unspecfically locate ninhabited island, pop-culture references, compleate and utter disregar or STD prevention, some stuff you really shouldn't do with a camera, an ad jokes.

I kindly remind you that I am a stranger on the internet and anything yo ead is on your own risk.

If you like this story and feel like donating, you can. Not to me, I am  epraved person who writes erotic fiction with something that vaguel esembles a plot and then jerk off to the result. No, donate to Nift nstead, cuz they are great. There is a link for that here ttp://donate.nifty.org/

Lastly, I like the idea of adding Tags to a story so people know what the an expect to jerk off to, but I also find them to often be spoiling th tory a little. With that in mind I have decided to put these at the botto f the page, so if you need tags they can be found there.



Chapter 7: Matt - June 14th, morning

I woke up as expected, with the sun illuminating the bright green ten all, giving everything in here a greenish hue. Sebastian's belongings a ell as mine, where already scattered all over the tent in a chaotic mes round the two air mattresses in the middle. I was on my back, which wa nusual as I usually woke up on my side, then I realized that Sebastian wa nuggled up against me, like I was a giant teddy bear. We were both naked nd I instantly remembered all we had been doing last night, if not fro he scene I woke up to, then from the feeling in my body. I felt sore, i lmost all joints, but not in a bad way and mostly in my lower back. I ddition, my butt felt both dry, wet and sore at the same time. I smiled t yself for a little while. I was no longer a virgin, and neither was th weet younger guy next to me. The sensation of accomplishment and peace wa ixed with just an ounce of concern. Was it even ok to sleep with someon ou had only known for a few days, just like that? I wasn't that kind o erson that just met someone and then slept with them, was I? Well at leas  hadn't been drunk tonight. I knew what I was doing - I hoped. Then ther as the worry of what was going to happen, when Sebastian awoke. Somethin ould have to happen; we couldn't just be neutral after this.

When I couldn't handle my own thoughts anymore, I slowly slid out o ebastian's arms, careful not to wake him up. It was no problem, he jus olled over, exposing his cute brown butt to me. I felt sticky and dry robably from last night's emissions, but I quickly dressed up in a clea air of underwear and a fresh t-shirt. I could already hear faint voice rom outside when I zipped up the tent and got out in to the fresh, humi nd warm tropical air.

"Good morning." Everyone muttered at their own pace, it looked lik veryone, but Sebastian and I, had gotten up. Not surprisingly since he an  had been up pretty late last night. Martin and Jacob were both sittin aked although Jacob was mixing it up with a baseball cap today. I chose t it on the other side of the table, to block the view but then I notice hat Thor was also naked, from the waist down. He was just wearing  -shirt and was sitting on his bare ass. Only Lars was fully clothed.

"I see you joined the nudists." I said, sitting down and starting to butte p a piece of bread.

"Yea, I had forgotten how awesome being naked outside was. Isn't tha razy? So, I thought why not now." He said with a voice that made him soun ore than happy.

"You should try it when we go swimming later." He said. I shook my head.  ried telling myself that I should do it, but there were so many reasons  as not comfortable with it.

"At least you are here now we want to open today's assignment already. ars said, still stuffing his face. I looked at him, puzzled.

"How come you are so eager to do assignments now? As I remember weren' articularly happy for the assignments yesterday.

"Hey, we found out exploring the island was fun, and I have decided I migh s well try to lose some weight while I'm here." Lars retorted hi tatement falling a little short since he was still eating buttered toast.

"Alright, open it up then." I said, but Martin broke in.

"Shouldn't we wait for Sebastian?" He asked.

"No." I said, maybe a little too fast. "Eh... He had trouble sleeping las ight, so better let him sleep." I quickly improvised. Martin nodded an hor got up and found the envelope in the bag. I couldn't help but covertl gle his bare butt under just under the bottom rim of his t-shirt. As h urned around, I got a good look at his junk. He was smaller than  ealized and shaven but had a neat shape and a lightness to it that I' ever get. My cock though big would almost be annoyingly heavy. Anothe eason not to go without underwear would be alternating between constan mbarrassing boners and an irritating counterweight flopping around. I wa  little surprised and immediately turned on, my first thought being  ental image of Thor over me, about to insert his clean shaven, erect dic nto my tight hole. My dick instantly reacted to the image and I force yself back to reality. Thor was too busy ready reading and no one els eemed to notice my gaze so I kept on stealing a glance once in a while. I id

n't make any sense, I had just a few hours ago had the sexual experience o y life. Couldn't I just be satisfied at least for a little while?

"I'm not sure I understand this." Thor said and started reading fragment loud.

"We need to gather the red clay from the spring in the middle of the islan nd dry it in a bowl stood in the sun till tomorrow." he said.

"Is that all?" Lars asked. He sounded somewhat disappointed.

"Well it also says that it will be useful tomorrow when we'll need it. hor said. "That's a little vague, I mean I didn't even know there was  pring. Anyone know about that?"

"I know where it is." I said. " Seb and I found it yesterday."

"Good, then we can all go get it." Martin said. "And be done with it, do w ave a bowl?"

"There are all sorts of things in the shed but there is always the was owl." I said. "One of these days we should go through it to see what w ave.

Our trip to the spring took about an hour and a half. It took me a while t etrace Sebastian's and my own steps form yesterday, but we managed. Tho hoose to stay back in case Sebastian woke up, mostly so he wouldn't wonde here we had all gone, and so he didn't feel left out. The clay was easil ound and obtained. It had a sticky but stabile substance and left a re esidue on our fingers when we touched it. It was easily scooped up int he wash bowl we had brought, and soon we had a whole lot of it. We didn' now how much we needed so we took as much as the bowl would hold. I stil ouldn't figure out what we had to do with it. It wasn't well suited fo culpturing since it was so soft. We decided to let the suspense happe aturally. For some reason we were all really excited about what the cla as for. I was curious myself. Only Jacob seemed to think opening tomorrow etter to find out was a good idea.

When we got back, we could hear series of loud bangs as if something woode it something wooden arrhythmically over and over again. It turned out Tho nd Sebastian was in the middle of an epic pretentious swordfight with tw hink bamboo sticks as weapons. It looked funny to see two boys one hal aked and one fully naked doing something normal like playing wit ticks. Furthermore, it seemed Sebastian was carrying a second sword in th orm of a raging boner. When the four of us got closer Sebastian starte overing up his stiffie as discreetly as possible with his hands, which wa ot very covertly at all.

"Hi, sorry about this, we were playing Star Wars." He sai elf-consciously.

"Seb I already told you, you don't need to hide your boners like that. hor said. "We are guys and we get boners, if we are going to be nudist or the time being, we might as well get used to the occasional hard on. he buff Scandinavian looked around the rest of us to make sure we all go is message. His expression brooked no argument.

No one really gave a straight answer except for a nod or with a mumble Sure."

I had already partially made this agreement with myself even though I kne  would still hide mine. While there was no way I would be able to avoi ooking, I would never dream of teasing anyone about it. Evidently thos wo had already talked about it while we had been gone. It seemed like i orked because Sebastian removed his hands, although it was hesitantly an ot really looking anyone, not even me in the eyes.

"So, who is the Jedi and who is Sith?" Jacob ask as if the bone onversation had not existed. It was somewhat terrifying how fast everyon ot so comfortable around each other around here.

"You know, I'm not really sure." Thor said, scratching his chin. "I assume e were just lightsaber fighting."

"How can you not be sure?!" Sebastian said, a little indignant bone ompletely forgotten in a fit of nerd indignation. "I shot lightning at yo hree times already. Do you know any Jedi who can do that?"

"No, but I don't know this stuff. I only saw the first movie." Tho etorted.

"What?! That is not ok." Sebastian said. And their discussion went on for  hile, till Martin broke in and suggested we all played football on th each. Surprisingly everyone was on board, and I managed to have a lot o un for the next two hours. When we got tired, we decided it was time for  wim, and everyone ran to the water. Thor reached the rim of his T-shir nd threw it in the sand while running, now completely naked, with th thers screaming into the surf. Only Lars and I kept our swimming trunk n.

"What about you two, isn't it time you tried skinny dipping with the res f us?" Jacob called from water.

"No thanks." I yelled back. "I'm fine."

"It's just for a few minutes, c'mon." Thor yelled.

Lars snorted and rolled his eyes.

"Fuck it. Just a sec." He said and slowly moved his hands to the string eeping his swimming shorts up. He hesitated, looking at me, standing nex o him with my feet in the water. Then he opened them and pulled the ff. Lars wasn't the pinnacle of male physical perfection; he was chubb nd short. But the sight of a new naked boy, with a fine clean-shaven coc nd a cute voluminous round ass, made my dick twitch and harden all th ame. I instinctively tried to hide it, and then covered for my sudde ovement by scratching myself in the groin. The other guys cheered, an ars ran into the water with them. I slowly followed him.

"What about you." Lars yelled back at me.

"Not happening." I said defensively.

"C'mon, really it feels good." Jacob yelled.

I didn't answer, for a moment I really felt like I was going to just pul own my pants and run out to them, but I was still raging a boner, to th oint where I had to keep my hands in my pockets to keep it fro howing. Instead I turned around and went back to camp without saying  ork.

"Wait, Matt don't leave!" I heard someone yell, sounded like Sebastian.  eard the faint sound of someone saying something, that vaguely sounde ike. "Auch, what was that for?" but I didn't care.

Not wanting to face any of the others I went into my tent and found th ook I had with me, even though I had major difficulty concentrating o eading right now. Most of the time I was trapped in my own detrimenta houghts. I even started to have regrets over the sex I had wit ebastian. To the point that I was halfway convinced it had all been  ivid wet dream.

"Matt... Matt..!" I heard Sebastian's voice calling while he shook th ent. "Are you in there, you better come quick!" He sounded excited rathe han shaken, so I decided I could go without seeing what he wanted.

"Leave me alone, please." I said. I didn't want to talk or see anything.

"No, it's urgent, you need to get up. There is a boat coming." He said hrough the nylon fabric.

"A boat?" said, a little surprised.

"Yes, there is a boat heading for the island." He said. I started to rustl ut of the sheets. I was still on the same page I had been the last hour o I just left it face down on the air mattress. I stuck my head out of th ent and looked at Sebastian who was standing wet and naked outside. Th un was setting, but still visible in the horizon.

"Is it the counselor's boat or someone else?" I asked. I didn't know wh lse it could be, but it didn't hurt to ask.

"We couldn't see, it's too far away and too dark. Maybe they know by now. ebastian said. I clumsily exited the tent and Sebastian crawled halfwa n, with his butt sticking out presumably to get some clothes. I saw Marti nd Thor come running stark naked, back from the beach with their flappin icks.

"Did Seb, tell you?" Martin said. "We think it's the counselor-boat, so w ame up to get some clothes." They both disappeared into their respectiv ents.

"What about the other two?" I asked.

"They are watching the beach, Lars has his swimming trunks down there, an acob said he didn't care. I convinced him to put on some trunks though. artin said as he emerged with a pair of shorts on his hips and a pair i and.

"Why did you do that?" Asked Sebastian as he was putting on shorts and  -shit. Probably a good idea since it might get colder this evenin nyways. "I don't feel like being nude with them around, but if Jacob want o, I don't think the counselor will mind. You don't work as a scou ounselor without seeing a naked boy once in a while. Do you really thin e are the first to skinny-dip on this island, or any of the others fo hat matter?"

"No, I suppose not, but he is not part of it. It's our thing you know. N utsiders just the island folk, as soon as our last member makes hi ebut." Martin said and send a side glance to me. I send him back an ic lare. I didn't feel like being picked on by anyone just because I didn' rop my pants at every opportunity. Martin grinned and ran with Sebastia own to the beach, with Jacob's pair of boxer shorts in his hand. I huffe nd started to walk towards the beach as well.

"You know..." I heard Thor's voice behind me.

"What?!" I said, with a voice the stung.

"They would stop if you just came and skinny-dipped with us, just once." H aid, not accepting my tone as a signal to back off.

"I don't want to; I like wearing bathing shorts." I said. "And I have don t, with Seb once. Isn't that enough?" He looked a little surprised bu ontinued.

"You may have noticed, he doesn't rip on you." Thor retorted, as he opene  can of soda he apparently had in his tent and started walking with m own towards the water. "Is it so weird that they wanna see you get nake s well?"

"Kinda. Why... do you?" I asked.

"Sure why not." He said, in a tone that sounded convincingl ndifferent. "You are the oldest one here, and if I may be so bold, the on ho is physically far most physically developed. It's just genera uriousness, nothing more." I knew that was true of at leas ebastian. Even the sex play we had enjoyed had been more educational, fo oth of us, than out of actual lust or affection. Sure, I liked him, an ished we could play more. But with Sebastian it could only be that, fu nd exploration.

"Maybe at some point, can we please just drop it?" I asked.

"Sure, but I have one more question. Is this because you get boners a lot? e asked. I almost stumbled over my own feet.

"What?!" I asked.

"Well I'm not blind." He said. "I see them, and your feeble attempts t ide it. All teen boys struggle with that, that is why I made th on't-mention-the-boner rule earlier. Not because of you, but for all o s. I get them all the time and if I'm naked it's going to be ver vident."

"Why are you looking at my junk?" I asked, like the world's bigges ypocrite.

"Because I am human." Thor said and rolled his eyes.

"Well the others don't get them." I said.

"Yea they do, all the time." Martin had one while we played soccer, tha hy he excused himself to go pee. Jacob had one when we swam around, bu ou weren't there. He was totally cold about it. Not to mention the one Se ad, when he and I was playing Star Wars." Thor retorted, like I was a diot. I actually started to feel like one. "I'm saying just give it a tr nd I think you will feel better. And I think you will find that boners ar asier to control when you are naked, I don't know why. All in all, yo eally need to do something about your attitude. The others and I ar etting a little tired of your moodiness. "

"I am not moody!" I said, but I did not get an answer, because we ha eached the water. I was a little struck by how insightful Thor was, I ha aken him for a guy of few words and maybe not too bright either, bu pparently, I was wrong.

Everyone was either sitting in the sand or standing looking over the wate owards the lights that was very clearly nearing with high speed. For th irst time in what felt like a week, but in truth had only been two days veryone was more or less decently dressed. At least no exposed cock anging out. Just a few minutes after the same boat that had gotten us al ere was run up on the beach and the coarse sound of the outboard engin unning idle, filled the air. We all got closer as a few people got out o he boat lit up by a multicolored string light around the edge of th abric roofing. Three people to be exact. One was our counselor, the sam ne who had dropped us off in the first place. The others where tall blac ude dressed in a red and blue tank top with the number 6 on the chest an  pair of plain shorts. On his feet was sandals and he also wore a singl arring from his left ear in the shape of a fang. He looked to be around m ge. He had short black hair and extremely dark brown eyes.

The other was much shorter. A smaller guy of Asian descent. He looke omewhat timid and was wearing an orange Pokémon t-shirt, blue short nd was barefoot. His hair was dark and long enough to almost reach hi houlders but was tied up. He looked around Sebastian's age. I vaguel emember seeing both on the plane on our way here, and on the boat when w irst arrived.

"Matthew!" The counselor called at me, reading my name from a list.  tepped forward, since I was island captain.

"What is going on?" I asked. "Do we have an assignment or something? I omething wrong?"

"No and yes." The counselor said. "We have had an incident on island 4, s e have decided to make a change. Andre and Jake here are going to joi ou."

"Why what happened?" I asked.

"Honestly I don't know much about it, but it seems there was a problem omeone turned violent on island four and three people have been sen ome."

Everyone was stunned into silence; I felt a little scared now. Bu imultaneously I wanted to know more.

"Anyway, the two of them will fill you in, we can't talk anymore, or i ill violate the program. We have brought extra food and there is a littl reat in there too, as an icebreaker." Then he entered the boat and starte he engine up. Either he overheard my protest, or he ignored me. Then h as gone as fast as he had arrived.

All six at us stared at the newcomers who stared back at us for a fe econds, then I stepped forward and stretched out my hand in a greeting.

"Hi I'm Matt." I said directed at the oldest guy. "Sorry about our..."  earched for the right word for a second. "...Awkward greeting. We didn' xpect company."

"Sup." The boy said, with a somewhat southern accent. "I'm Andre, this i ake. Hope we aren't intruding too much; we didn't really have a say i t."

"No worries." I answered. "Can't imagine what you have been through. Thi s Martin, Sebastian, Lars, Thor and Jacob." I said pointing to each of m sland mates in turn.

"Pleasure." Andre said and nodded. "Give us a hand with our things, wil a'?"

"Of cause." I said, and soon everyone was carrying a bag or something els o our camp.

"What did he mean, talking to us was against the program?" Jacob asked hile carrying a large duffle bag over his shoulder.

"I have no idea, it's a little strange don't you guys think?" Marti eplied. I kept my mouth shut, hadn't even noticed the cryptic message.

"It's apparently a thing." Andre commented. "They barely spoke to us whil e became reassigned. Whenever I asked what was going to happen with us hey just said a short sentence, sometimes just repeating themselves." W eached the camp, and everyone dumped their cargo in a pile.

"What happened?" Lars inquired, we all wanted to ask that question, but ha estrained, just to let them settle in.

"We had a problem with dude on our island. A big guy named Bruce went ba hit crazy and beat the shit out of some of the other guys, we managed t all for help with the walkie and stay away from him until the counselor rrived."

"Wow that is terrible." Sebastian said. "Why did he do that."

"I don't know I wasn't when it happened. Jake was, but he hasn't told m et. He hasn't said a word since we got off the other island, I am a littl orried about him." Andre said and looked over at Jake. The younger boy ha at himself at the bench set and was staring at the sand at his feet.

"Maybe you better look after him." I said, cutting off furthe uestions. "How about Sebastian and I set up your tent in the meantime."

"Wow thanks, but you don't have to do that." Andre said. He seeme stonished about my offer to help.

"Please, you sound like you had a rough day, go talk to your friend and ge verything sorted out. It's not a problem." I said, awkwardly padding hi houlder.

"I'll see if I can get the fire started again." Thor said and went to th onfire which had burned out, but still had a few embers in it.

"I'll make some dinner." Lars said, and went over to the bench set, so se p the camping stove.

Cooking and eating took about one and a half hour. Spaghetti bolognais lmost always works for everyone, even though pretty much all ingredient ad been canned. Darkness had fallen and the night sounds had starte illing the air with strange noises from insects and birds. We all sa round the fire as we did the first night except now, we were joined by tw ew boys. Jake was sitting very close to Andre still without having said  ord. Miraculously everyone was still dressed, but in the case of Jacob i ight only have been because the temperature had dropped measurably. He wa itting with a blanket around him now.

"So, anyone want a drink?" Jacob asked. Everyone nodded, most of us kne hat it meant.

"If you have anything but water, how can we say no." Andre said looking a ake for a response. Jake said nothing but just nodded.

"How about vodka and juice?" Jacob said dropping the bomb immediately,  new he still had a considerable stash of that sort in his tent.

"You have liquor?" Andre asked chocked while everyone else, including me mirked. "How did you get that with you?"

"I'm just that good." He Jacob said and went over to his tent. Sebastia ot up from the sand and ran after him. "I'll help." He said.

Soon after we all had a cup of orange juice with a generous portion o odka in it. Sebastian went over and handed one to Jake. "Here, this one i or you." He said and sat down next to him. "How are you holding up. ebastian started talking to Jake, who didn't respond with words but seeme o listen and once in a while nodded his head. Soon I felt the familia pinning in my head and the numbness in my mouth I got when I wa ipsy. The ambiance and the laughter got so light and festive we even got  mile from Jake and a few words all though it was only a yes and a than ou. Maybe alcohol and friendship were just what he needed to get over wha e had been through today. He was also the first one to excuse himsel efore going off to bed. He was followed by Sebastian who was also tire nd couldn't even walk straight when he met his way over the sand and int ur tent. Shortly after Lars went to bed as well, mostly because he wa alling asleep where he was sitting. I was more or less convincing mysel hat the evening was over, even though Andre and I had really hit i ff. Turned out he liked mostly the same movies and music as I did, as wel he kind of games I liked. Before I got the incentive to hit the hay artin suggested something.

"Anyone up for a game?" He asked.

"Ooh I love drunken games, what do we have?" Andre asked sounding prett runk, to my ears.

"Well besides a shed full of weird stuff, I have a card game. I also hav ice... hell I even brought Yahtzee if we got bored or drunk enough. artin said.

"Yahtzee has too much math." Jacob said. "Let's check the shed and see wha e find."

Thor and Jacob went to the shed and roamed around while the rest of u ried to come up with anything fun we could play.

"How about poker - Texas hold`em?" Andre asked. "You have gotta know tha ne?"

"No." Martin and I said in unison.

"Well guess that is out." Andre said. "I'll have to teach you when I' ober."

"Deal, but what else have we got?" Martin said.

"Hey, we found something!" Jacob half shouted. As if he remembered tha thers were sleeping, in the middle of the outburst.

"Sorry." He whispered when the two of them got closer. "We found this."

"Is that a golf ball?" I asked looking at the little white ball in Jacob and.

"No, you idiot it's a ping-pong ball." Jacob said. "Let's play ping-pong. artin looked at Jacob like he was a idiot. I could also see the problem.

"We could, except we need both at ping-pong table and some bats." Marti aid. Jacob just looked at him funny.

"You have no imagination, do you?" He said. There is a table right ove here, and we can use either some books or something else as bats. We ca ake a net out of anything we want."

"Are you serious?" Andre asked.

"I would say that is one of the points of putting us on this island wit nly our own fun to make." Jacob said. "You wanna make this happen or not?"

Even though some of us was pretty skeptical about it we agreed to give it  ry. We set up the table with whatever we could find as a divider, wit bout the right height. The net was a little uneven but as Thor said, i nly made the game more interesting. The shed also had six copies of th ame thin book about the local flora and fauna, we grabbed one each as  at.

"So, what about the stakes?" Andre suggested.

"Stakes?" I asked. "Aren't we just playing around the table?"

"It's not a party game without a consequence for loosing." He said. "Lose akes a shot."

"No that's a bad idea." Thor broke in. "We can't risk drinking too much; w hould at least keep it responsible. Plus, this isn't exactly an open bar here is only the alcohol there is."

"How about strip ping-pong?" Jacob suggested. "When you are out you lose  iece of clothing, of his choice of cause."

"That is only fun when there are girls." Andre said. "Besides you are onl earing boxers and a blanket."

"I will put on some more, but I don't need it to defeat you guys." Jaco aid.

"Ok, if you are playing strip-anything, I am out." I said. There was no wa n hell they were going to do this to me now. "And how is stripping even  enalty when you are naked all the time." Andre looked questioningly a e. But Jacob just rolled his eyes.

"So, what if you have seen my dick before." Jacob retorted. "It's not goin o ruin the fun, but ok I'll raise the stakes. If you win, I promise t tay dressed tomorrow, not even go shirtless. Furthermore, we will no ressure you anymore. But if I win, and I will, not only are you going t et naked right here and now and you will also give skinny dipping a tr omorrow." I was about to refuse, but it was tempting to get a free pass o aving everyone stop pressuring me. Then I caught Thor's gaze behin acob. He was giving me the classic what-did-I-tell-you look.

"You know what... fuck it, you got a deal."

Andre looked somewhat confused over the sudden sparks of emotion tha appened right in front of him, but he was apparently too drunk to care.

"I have no idea what the hell that was all about, but I'm in." H aid. "What if none of you win?"

"Then I guess it's which one of you ends up naked, first." Tho aid. "Let's play." Jacob quickly threw on a t-shirt, to make th ompetition fair. Then we started off slow and steady. Since we were al runk and clumsy, we decided to have the first round be a freebie fo veryone, which was good because I fell out pretty early in tha ne. Normally I was a decent player, but being drunk, playing at a mprovised table I had to adjust pretty rapidly. Not to mention that I ha ot played this game in over a year. The winner of the first round wa acob, who turned out to be phenomenal, which started to have me worried  ittle. Next round was serious. It made me concentrate a little more, tha  had before so I fared better. The first one to lose was Martin, wh ecided to remove his t-shirt as the first article of clothes. Next wa ndre who just removed a sandal. We had a short discussion about if sandal ent separate or not, but ended on it being more fun if they did. Next ou as me, and I decided to lose a sandal as well.

We played through the round and until everyone, but Jacob had lost som lothing, when he smashed it though Thor's defenses. A bad mistake sinc he ball was hard to find, in the dark outside the canopy. Next round  ame in last, since my run was now uneven, due to me lacking a sandal. Th inal was still Thor ageist Jacob, but this time Thor came through an efeated Jacob. That was good because I was starting to get nervous.

Jacob only had three articles of clothing. shorts, t-shirt and a basebal ap. Therefore, being at a disadvantage from the start. What no on xpected was for him to shrug and immediately drop his shorts, exposing hi angling cock since Martin hadn't thought of bringing him underwear.

"Dude." I said. "Really?!"

"What? Rules says I can pick what I take off, this way my boxers aren't i he way."

Not to mention I believed it was going to distract us quite a bit. Andr ust stared for a moment, mostly stunned by the unexpected nudity and lac f bashfulness. Then he politely averted his gaze.

"I might have gone for the hat, but I don't suppose its ageist th ules. It's just not so fun that way."

"Quit whining and play." Jacob said, and started the next round with  uick serve, which the unexpectant Andre didn't catch.

"Fuck!" He said, and threw off his tank top, before going off to th ide. His upper body had a nice trim with a wide hairless chest. Needles o say, I really hoped that he would lose some more. If I wanted that,  ould have to beat him. I was getting a little more worried bit b it. This round I made it to the finals which I lost against Jacob. He wa nbelievably good and but luckily, I was getting used to seeing his dic hat it didn't distract me. I decided to get rid of my shirt as well. I asn't much of a change since it had been unbuttoned all night.

"Just keep that up Matt." Jacob teased. "Ready again."

"I'm not out yet." I retorted. "I would tell you to keep it in your pants ut they are gone already." The others laughed and we continued.

The first one to get naked was Martin. He dropped his underwear without  econd thought and stood back to watch us play out the round. It of caus idn't touch anyone of the originals, but Andre looked a little mor keptical about this, trying not to stare too obviously.

"So, am I out now or what?" he asked, his voice where a little shaggy ecause of the alcohol.

"Nah, keep playing, now you can try and get us naked." Thor answered. "I oesn't really make a difference."

We kept playing only a few more rounds around the table before Andre no nly wearing boxer-briefs lost the ball I send him. I had tried to make i ard for him, since I wanted to see more than the bulge I had been secretl gling. It was considerable in size, but I had judged it to no larger tha ine.

We all gathered around, more or less holding our breaths lookin xpectantly at Andre. He looked nervous like he was on the verge of backin ut. Then he hesitantly grabbed the rim of his underwear and said.

"Well I guess that is the game." before pulling them down in one fas woop. I gasped a little at the amazingly hot dick he had. It was definabl onger than mine, although not quite as thick. It hung down, curved like  anana downwards but sticking out so it didn't touch his ball sack. Th oreskin only halfway covered the glands so that the sharp pink color stoo n contrast to his dark chocolate skin. His balls hung slightly due to th eat of exercise and were quite big. He only had the short crop of tightl rimmed pubic hair around his dick. I was immediately turned on by thi aked hot black guy between us and felt something start to grow in my ow ants. It was a little bit of a problem since I was only wearing a pair o oxer-briefs at this time. In fact, I had to get it together if I was goin o beat Jacob at this. I knew I could do it, but it would be a clos all. Since everyone was down to only one piece of clothing now, it wa ossible. Thor was still in his underwear, and Jacob was only wearing hi ap, but was otherwise naked, which still kept him in the game.

"There." Andre said with a smug smile. "Just like gym class, no problem."

"Nice dick." Martin said. "Bet you could make some girl really happy wit hat." He grinned and tossed me the ball he had picked up.

"Yea... apparently not." Andre said, scratching his chin. "My girlfrien eft me a month ago. That is one of the reasons I am here." We went ove ext to Martin to look at the progressing game. This was the last roun nyways. "Man, I have never been naked outside before, it feels weird."

"Try it when the sun is out, it's fantastic." Jacob added while he go eady for my serve.

"I might just do that, wow." He said.

It took only a few more seconds till my hope was up. Thor's next shot at m ade me hit it too hard, so it flew past the table edge and landed in th and.

Jacob looked at me with wide smile of triumph.

"Looks like the game is up mate." He winked at me, and I sighed as my hear tarted beating faster. Everyone was now looking at me. Even worse was  as rock hard right now, which everyone must have seen by now, as the thi abric of boxer-briefs don't leave a lot to the imagination. It took m lmost thirty seconds to get ready.

"Come on do it." Andre yelled. "If I can you can."

No one even mentioned that I was hard, maybe Thor's rule was doing its job ut even Andre kept his mouth shut about it.

"Alright, fuck you, you asked for it!" I said and then I ripped off m oxers like they were a piece of duct tape, on a hairy patch of skin. M ully erect cock sprung out into full view in front of everybody as it wa ulled free of the constricting fabric. The others just stared at m hrobbing dick with its almost fully exposed head.

"Awesome!" Jacob was the first to yell, completely forgetting that ther ere nearby sleepers. He came over and slapped me on the upper arm. "Tha asn't so bad right?" He said. The others also came over, and starte cting like wild monkeys in a zoo, around me.

"I suppose not." I said shyly. It was quite the understatement. I felt lik  huge rock had just fallen off my shoulders. Standing here with a full rect cock and having everyone acting like it was my fucking birthday. Tho ven gave me a short bro-hug, with two hard dunks on the back, even thoug y erection clearly touched his dick though the fabric, for a nanosecond.

"See nothing to be ashamed about, you have a great dick." he said.

"No shit." Jacob said, slapping my butt once with flat hand, which made m linch in pain. "Can't wait for skinny dipping tomorrow."

"Hey that is only if you won, you haven't won yet." I said. This was on hing when I had been drinking, but tomorrow I would be back to my norma elf, and not likely to go naked again.

"Maybe I will just forfeit." Thor said in a teasing tone.

"Don't you dare." I said. "You play and you win. I think standing here wit  hard on is quite enough." I poked his chest to show that I meant it.

"I don't need your charity." Jacob said. "I can beat you no problem."

"Oh yea?" Thor said. He turned to me with a majestic tone of voice, a racefully as his drunkenness allowed. "Then let me defend your hono ilady." He said jokingly. "And should I fail I shall share your pain an ot only get naked but also get a hard on, so the princess may feel bette bout hers." I couldn't help but laugh at his parody.

"Sounds fair, I guess. What about it? you up of that bet?" I said to Jaco ho was also laughing like a mad man at the other side of the table.

"Sure, no problem." He gave me thumbs up and got ready to serve. The las est out of three game was tense, both got to two points but then just a t looked like anyone's game, the ball hit Thor's finger instead of th ook and he lost the ball.

"Yes!" Jacob "I'm the best at this game!"

"Fuck me! I almost had you." Thor complained, throwing his book at th able. "Dam it all. Sorry Matt." I also swore on the inside. But I was als omewhat relived. I had a feeling that I was now forced to do somethin hat I actually wanted to do but was too much of a chicken for.

"Well I guess a bet is a bet." Thor said. "Hang on a minute." He went ou o the middle of the canopy and turned his back on us. We all looke ilently at his back while he massaged his bulge with one hand for a whil efore dropping his underwear, exposing his round boy butt I had bee ooking at all day.

"You guys ready for it?" he said, looking over his shoulder. My heart wa eating fast and my still hard dick was throbbing, even though I ha lready forgotten all about it.

Then he spun around with a "Tadaa."

Thor's hard, shaven dick was pretty hot. It stuck out a little to one sid nd bounced up and down to his movements. As I already knew, it wasn't tha ig, but it was fucking hot.

"Not bad." I said. "Still doesn't beat mine though." I swiveled my hip jus  bit, before getting shocked over myself. Was it the alcohol or th ompany that did it to me, probably both?



With the game finished we slowly started to break apart, one by on veryone went back to sleep and soon it was just me and Andre who was stil p. Me because I knew I couldn't sleep before I had taken care of my stil hrobbing hard cock, and Andre, probably just because he and I was stil alking.

"A guy could get used to this." He said. We were both sitting on the benc eaning our backs on the table edge. "On the other island everyone was suc  bunch of assholes. Except Jake of cause. God, I hope he is ok."

"He is going to be fine; I don't know what exactly happened with you o our island, but that won't happen here." I said reassuringly, I put a han n his shoulder as a reassuring gesture and but felt awkward about it, so  uickly retracted.

"Thanks, you guys are really luckily you can be so open with eac ther. Back there we had to tiptoe to avoid certain people. Jake and  pend at least six hours away from the camp to avoid having our asse icked by these huge guys."

I was shocked about how that could happen, how could these camp leader eave troubled teenagers alone like this.

"That's sick, why the fuck does the counselors allow guys like that alon n an island." I asked.

"I know, but that is the strange part, both guys were kind of docile whe e arrived. I spoke with one of them on our trip here, and he'd never hi nyone before, in fact he was kind of nice." Andre said wonderingly. " ave no idea why but as we got into the second day everyone started gettin gitated, even I felt it. Doing the day, the others started fightin etween them, when I wasn't there they started picking oh Jake but I go ack in time to prevent them from punching him. He was the only one wh idn't lash out at anyone."

I was impressed. "Wow you are quite the hero; I don't think I could hav one that." I said.

"Neither did I, turns out it was a bad move for me, we ended u leeing. Luckily, they were stupid enough to leave the camp all of them a nce, so I snuck in and grabbed the radio."

He got up from his seat and started to look around.

"Did you see where I tossed my underwear?" He asked.

"No." I said, shaking my head, in part because I didn't want him to pu hem on.

"Never mind then, I will find them when the sun comes up." He said, puttin is hands on his hips and looking around once again. "Then again I don' hink I have ever been nude outside before; it feels really nice." H losed his eyes and looked to enjoy himself, and I took the opportunity t et a better look at his fully exposed junk. It was so awesome and sexy t ee someone new like this. My dick was throbbing like crazy, but no nymore than it had been for the last fifteen minutes.

"Seeing if the stereotype is true?" He said suddenly and I turned my eye way. I had been too careless, but maybe I could still play it cool. " on't blame you, I've made a quite a few girls happy with this one." H miled slyly at me grinning with his white teeth.

"Sorry." I said. "I am still getting used to this."

"Don't sweat it, I'm proud of my dick. To be honest I was the curious on hen the guys wanted to play strip-anything. I had a feeling your friend ried to get both of us our pants, am I right?"

"You don't know the half of it, it started with Jacob being who apparentl ave a nudist complex, and he got everyone else doing it." I said.

"Everyone but you?" He asked.

"You guessed it, they have tried getting me out of my pants since day one."

"Why didn't you just do it and got it over with?" Andre asked with a grin ike I was stupid. "Maybe it's a little strange, but as I said it's no ike its different from gym class."

"I just don't like it, maybe I am a little bit of a chicken, but I am shy.  said.

"Well it looks like they have been helping you. We have known each othe or what, a few hours? But you are comfortably speaking to me, butt naked nd even with the meanest boner I have ever seen. Not that I have seen  ot of boners?" He added quickly. "Doesn't that thing ever go down?" H sked.

"No." I lowered my voice even though there was no chance anyone in th ents could hear us, even if they weren't sleeping. "To be honest I ge hem all the time. It's so frustrating."

"No shit. I feel you." Andre said. "I fucking hate when that happen, peopl hink you are a pervert, when in reality you are just... I don't kno ervous or somethin''." He said. "But I think you need to be a littl older about it. You saw how much your friends work to make you fee omfortable around them."

I raised an eyebrow, what he said made no sense at all.

"What does that mean?" I asked.

"Well Jacob forced you to strip down, when he beat you, and when you wer oo embarrassed about your boner, Thor but his rep on the line and boned u o you wouldn't be alone. Those guys are real bros, you have no idea ho ucky you are." He said. I blushed a little, what he said made a lot o ense, but it still sounded farfetched.

"I still think they were just goofing around, being immature. Don't you."  aid.

"Of cause they were, that is the point. Being mature sucks." H aid. "There will be plenty of time for that later, I wanna be young tupid and do crazy things while I can."

"Prove it." I said. "I kinda wanna see you get a boner, if there is nothin hameful about it."

"I guess that's fair." Andre said, sounding just a little reluctant. "Watc o hands." He said grinning at me, I was dead sure he would be blushin ow, if his didn't have such dark skin. Then he put his hands back on hi ips and closed his eyes. I stared directly at his cock which was alread witching from the fantasy or whatever mental image I knew he was callin orward from his mind. It only took a few seconds, from the first smal witches to some bigger twitches till the whole cock had swollen and wa ow standing hard up in the air, while this was happening, I couldn't hel ut stroking myself a little. Andre's dick was long, and the glands wa lmost completely free of the foreskin. The shaft curved upwards in a legant banana shape and his dark ball sack had shrunk up underneath hi ock.

"Wow, I said. You weren't lying. Don't take this the wrong way, but yo ave a nice dick." I said. My own boner was acing now, he was so hot ther as nothing I wanted more than for him to be inside me, right now. I kne t was a little futile, since he had already said he was into girls.

"Ain't no bad way to take that." He said. "Can't believe my girlfrien urned this dick down for a scrawny white boy - no offense." He said.

"None taken, that is tough." I said. "Maybe she was just a bitch, I don' now."

"Yea, problem is now I miss her, also I'm horny all the time." H aid. "You know how that is like, do you have a girlfriend?"

"Nope..." I said snickering a little. "I suppose I am single."

"Well, I don't suppose you can help a bro out. Where do you go when yo eed a good crank?" He asked.

"What?" I asked, I had a feeling I knew what he meant, but I wasn't abou o make any assumptions.

"You know... jack off." He almost mimed at me. "I haven't done it in over  eek. Doing the travel or on the island, there are always people around. e said. "Problem is now you got me hard..." He stopped himself an lumsily corrected. "I mean... not like that... you know what I mean." H aid.

I grinned, it was nice not to be the only one who felt vulnerable.

"I usually go into the forest, there are a few good places. I think I' etter show you, no need for you to get lost." I said.

"Thanks man. I really appreciate it." He said.

I got up and started sneaking though the camp. I could hear that Thor an ars was definitely awake, since they were whispering to each other.  ouldn't hear what they said, but that didn't matter either. The night wa arker than usual so finding the path was pretty hard, but soon we arrive t the big flat rock I had used for my alone time the first night.

"Here we are." I said. "This place is perfect, with zero chance of anyon earing you." I gestured at the rock.

"Perfect, c'mon." He said.

"What?" I asked a little perplexed.

"You aren't leaving, are you?" He asked, sounding surprised. "I assumed yo eeded to it too. Sorry if I presumed."

I scratched the back of my head. busted, I guess.

"Yea, I guess, but I was just gonna go somewhere else." I said. I ha ctually entertained the thought of acting like I was going to leave, an hen come back to spy on him.

"In that case why not just stay here. I want to be your bro, and bros whac ff together, all guys do that. Haven't you ever done that?"

"I have... a few times but..." I said. "but we just met... like today."

"Ain't no time like the present, there is nothing gay about it. Its jus ike... bonding I guess."

"Yea... about that." I said. I sighed heavily. "That may be a little mor omplicated. I don't normally tell people this, but I am actually gay."  aid cringing. My heart almost beat as fast as a hummingbird, waiting fo is reaction.

"What... seriously. You?" He said. His eyes flickered a little, mayb elling him had been a mistake. I hoped it wouldn't be. "Wait that doesn' ake sense, you don't look gay at all." He said, even though I could see i is face he already realized how stupid he sounded, I decided to challeng is statement.

"Well what did you expect me to look like, a little skinny guy wit ip-gloss and a diamond earring?" I asked, crossing my arms over m hest. My gesture was supposed to look miffed, but with my still ragin ard cock, it may have looked less so.

"No no... sorry." He said hastily. "Seriously that was stupid, I was jus urprised. Let's just forget it, and get on with it, I'm horny as fuck."

"You still wanna do this?" I asked.

"Yea, I'm not a backwater hillbilly bible thumper. If it's not gay whe traight guys jack off in front of each other, why would adding a gay gu hange that."

I shrugged, what he said made sense. Apparently, I had misjudged him. H asn't very enlightened, but he was definitely open-minded.

We both sat down next to each other on the rock, not to close. Andr uickly started massaging himself to get his dick from semi-flaccid t ully erect before he started whacking off for real. I was a little slower o start. Also, because I usually played with my ass while doing this, bu  felt that would definitely be over the line. A few glances towards Andr laying with himself, helped me a lot though. I was careful not to be to bvious about it.

"By the way." Andre said, he was now lying flat on the rock, furiousl asturbating his long, curved black cock. "You could totally rock a diamon arring." I snorted.

"Nah, not really... maybe just a gold ring though" I said. "I really lik ours."

With that all of the awkwardness melted away. I realized we could tal bout anything while doing this, just like with Sebastian.

"So Andre, what does pussy feel like?" I asked, just as if it was a norma veryday question.

"Awesome." Was his reply. "It's hard to describe, but the warm wetness i ike heaven. I also wanted to try anal, but my girlfriend never let me, ho oes that feel? " He asked me. I shortly reminisced remembering Sebastian' ick inside me.

"Well I've only tried it once." I said truthfully. "And not in the way yo hink."

"In what way... oh." He said, when it dawned on him what  eant. "Well... how does that feel?" he asked curiously. It was so weird ying next to a straight guy, who was actually interested in what I felt.

"It's the best, I loved every moment." I said. "There is no way to describ t, but to do it." I said.

"I guess not." He said. "I don't know if I would like it, I can see ho ther guys are attractive, I mean I get that part, but having one insid ou. I guess that is just preference."

"Ok... hypothetical question." I said. "If you could fuck any guy yo anted, who would it be?" I let the question hang in the air, while h hought about it.

"I don't know, maybe just one of my friends, but that would make it weird  hink."

"You can think bigger, like a celebrity or somthing, but ok." I said.

"I have one for you then he said." Then he hesitated. "Hypothetically ould you have sex with me, given the chance?" My heart skipped a beat hat was a question I was not ready for. What did you say to that? If  aid no, would it hurt his feelings. If I said yes it might repulse him.

"Are you sure you want an answer to that question?" I asked.

"What? Sure, I do. Its ok if you wouldn't I just wanted to know whether o ot you found me attractive." He said.

"I do find you attractive, but could you ever sleep with a guy?" I asked.

"I think that it's a question about being horny enough." He replied.  esitated to answer, but I knew I would never have a better chance to g or it. I slowly moved my right hand from my dick moving it slowly over hi ip, his pelvis, over his tightly cropped pubic hair, the small stump oking my fingers and stopped with the hand flat on his lower abdomen. M ingertips were only a millimeter from his throbbing dick. I could feel hi ery fast heartbeat though my hand.

"Are you that horny?" I asked. This moment was very intense, I knew thi as just an experiment for him, so it was not a good idea to push him. H idn't answer at first, he bit his lip and looked down at my hand so clos o his cock I could feel the heat from it. Then he made a subtle soun hough his nose that was vague but defiantly confirming. Then I did it,  lowly closed caressed Andre's dick with my fingertips. He let out a dee igh while he shivered a little, this was apparently either really good o eally over the edge. Probably a little bit of both. I let my fingers slid ver his cock and further down. I wanted to feel his balls, to explore hi ody. With my other hand I caressed his chest, felt his tight muscles unde he skin, found the places he reacted when I stroke my fingers ove hem. My right hand got felt his soft ball sack, it was heavy and warm, no ike Sebastian's had been at all. It was actually a lot like my own but  ot more exciting to touch and feel. Andre had closed his eyes and was jus njoying the subtle teasing. I slid in a little closer, inch by inch. Bein ery careful not to go too fast. I had no idea how, but what I was doin eemed to have lulled the other boy into a deep pleasure trance. Now m hest was pressing ageist his ribs, my stomach ageist his flank, my leg rapped around his, my dick pressed ageist his pelvis making little hump hat send electric pleasure though it. My head was inches from his neck, m eavy breath blowing gently over it. I started kissing the chocolat olored skin on his neck feeling his pulse very clearly though multipl arts of my body. My right hand was slowly jerking him off, while I wa umping his side, with very subtle almost unconscious movements. I mus ave entered the pleasure trance as well, because I completely lost trac f what I was doing, and just went with the flow.

Suddenly Andre turned his head towards me, his eyes was filled with a wil nergy I hadn't seen before.

"This is fucking amazing, Matt." He half whispered half huffed. "But enoug oreplay."

With the arm he had around me, since I had snug under it to get in rea lose, he dragged me into a tight but gentle embrace and pressed his bi oft lips ageist mine. The kiss was so unexpected that for a second,  ompletely forgot to reciprocate. But the feeling was so instinctual  aught up fast.

Andre was obviously an experienced kisser, he gently opened my mouth wit is, and let his tongue play with mine. His taste was so erotic and hi aked body that was pressed up ageist mine made me almost lose it. Wa here no way I could get any closer to him than this?

We rolled over, or rather Andre rolled me over, so he was on top of me wit  knee on each side of mine, gravity pulling his naked body down upo ine. Pushing his dick and balls ageist mine so hard the friction made m ome closer and closer to the edge. Then Andre broke he kiss, whisperin nto close to my ear.

"I don't care if you aren't a girl." He said. "I am going to show you ho t is to be fucked by a real man, white boy."

I couldn't do anything but moan a faint "Yes." Into his ear as a respond etween my heavy breaths. I wanted him to fuck me so bad I didn't bothe hinking twice about it, I was so ready to feel his hard cock inside me  ouldn't stand another moment without.

By holding on to his neck I spread my legs even further and raised the bove our bodies. As a result, Andres dick made the trip scraping ageist m ick then my balls then further down my crack till it was just about nex o my hole. It felt like it was already gaping to get him inside, I was s sed to having things up my ass that it was already second nature for me t ot clench when I was turned on. I hadn't thought about lube, but Andr lready had it covered. With a quick move he had spit directly into his ow and and had started rubbing my hole with the moist saliva. Even thoug ndre had not been with a boy before he sure wasn't new to the whole se hing. He looked directly into my eyes with a caring facial expression ressing his forehead ageist mine while he gently massaged my hole, makin he already pretty loose opening, relax even more.

Then he kissed me once more and placed his throbbing dickhead ageist m pen hole.

"Ready white boy?" He asked. I just bit my lip and nodded. Andre didn' aste time, he started pressing himself inside. It wasn't easy at first ut with the help of the spit and the enormous amount of slick precum Andr roduced his long cock made its way inch by inch.

"Aaarh! Hnnnn!" I moaned biting my lip. My ass was being stretched mor han I had thought but I didn't care. I could feel how my arousal wa eaching its maximum as the familiar sensation of anal penetration rushe hrough my body, but on a whole new level than ever before. Andre stoppe or a moment giving me time to acclimate to his presence. He used the tim o kiss me some more.

Soon I was ready to go on but since I couldn't possibly speak right now,  ignaled by pressing myself further on to his dick. Andre got the messag nd started pushing again. Then suddenly I was hit by a strong tinglin ensation originating somewhere in my ass and rushing though my body aking me moan like crazy. I felt my dick pump out a single weak squirt o um that ran down the shaft. Next thing I felt was Andre's abdomen scrapin geist my ass. He was now balls deep inside me. Then he started moving th ther way and another wave of intense pleasure rushed through my bod ollowed by another small squirt.

"Oooh fuck!" I screamed as Andre started to fuck me first with small an hen longer humps. I felt the sensation again, and then again, every tim aking me pump out another small squirt of cum.

He started fucking me with intense long movements wile embracing me, no othering to kiss me anymore, just keeping his head next to mine, so  ould hear his erotic sighs and grunts. Then I suddenly felt a xplosion. The tingling sensation from my last mini orgasm persisted an uddenly exploded making my whole body convulse in a very intense wave o ure pleasure.

"HAAAARH!" I cried out, my eyes clinched as did my toes, my fingers an ost importantly my ass. My dick erupted in a volcano of cum that squirte ut so much sperm I lost count of how many pumps it was. At least ten  hought.

When my orgasm subsided, Andre was still fucking my ass more and mor ntensely. I could feel how my slick cum was squished out between us. The ndre suddenly stopped humping and instead pressed his dick so far u nside me it would go. He let out a roar like a wild animal and I felt ho e came inside me, filling my ass with his hot gooey cum. I felt Andr quirt at least six or seven times inside me, each time with a little les orce.

We lied like this for a while, so we could both catch our breath, Andre wa till inside me and while the pleasure was mostly just an echo now I jus njoyed the feeling of a filling fleshy dick in me while recovering. Whe ndre could finally move, he rolled off me, letting his dick slide out o e. I could feel how his cum also ran out of there presumably running dow he stone's edges. I didn't care, I almost wanted it to stay in ther orever as a memory.

"Oh my god that was... Wow." Andre said. "Just... Did that actually jus appen? Did we just have gay sex" he asked as if he didn't believe what w ad just done."

"You bet... Dam that was amazing, you are fucking amazing." I said. What  ad just experienced was real, it was real sex, with no training wheels o ny kind.

"Dam bro. I didn't know sex with a guy was that good. Thanks man." Andr aid, he still seemed stunned over what he had done.

"Right back at you." I said, with a weak satisfied tone. I was so far awa n my own ecstasy I couldn't even form a coherent answer.

"Hey, you all right man?" Andre said, he was lying next to me and wit rowsy eyes. "Holy crap you came a lot."

"I know..." was the only thing out of my mouth, I wanted nothing but fal sleep.

"That's crazy man, I don't think I have ever made a girl feel like tha fterwards, what the hell does that mean." Andre said, sounding a littl orried.

"Don't worry about it." I said and rolled over to lie up close to him. No  second had passed before I was fast asleep.



[Tags: T/T, exhibitionism, stripping, mutual masturbation, humping, anal]

