Date: Tue, 29 Dec 2020 20:32:41 +000 rom: Human Man <gladly11@hotmail.com ubject: Island, Chapter 17

Hello and welocome back. Read the story and have an orgasm, it's free.


Disclaimer: This story is free fantasy, nothing in it ever happened and al haracters are made up and do not resemble any real person, living or dead.

This story includes a whole lot of irrisposible behaviour, and I do no ondone any of it. Including but not limited to: Sexual behaviour betwee ales younger than 16 years old, underaged drinking, nudity, swearing ublic urination, leaving teenagers unsupervised on a unspecfically locate ninhabited island, pop-culture references, compleate and utter disregar or STD prevention, some stuff you really shouldn't do with a camera ating or otherwise inserting into yourself unfamiliar fruits you find i ature, an (at this point) unhealthily lax attitude towards hyginge unning around a dark deserted island in the middle of the night, sexua olestation of artwork, and bad jokes.

I kindly remind you that I am a stranger on the internet and anything yo ead is at your own risk.

If you like this story and feel like donating, you can. Not to me, I am  epraved person who writes erotic fiction with something that vaguel esembles a plot and then jerk off to the result. No, donate to Nift nstead, cuz they are great. There is a link for that here ttp://donate.nifty.org/

Lastly, I like the idea of adding Tags to a story so people know what the an expect to jerk off to, but I also find them to often be spoiling th tory a little. With that in mind I have decided to put these at the botto f the page, so if you need tags they can be found there.



Chapter 17: Matt, June 16th - Afternoon



"How big is this island exactly?" Andre asked as he reached down a hand t ull me up to the next precipice. This one had required a boost from me fo im to get up there in the first place. When I thought about it, we hadn' ctually walked that far but seeing as you often needed to go sideways t ind a way up between the hundreds of ledges and rocks it could easily fee ike more.

"No clue, the guidebook didn't say." I said. I was referring to ou amphlet about the island, not the actual theses that some ancient explore ad written about the place which Lars had discovered in our shed. "I don' hink we've walked as far as it seems. With a not too considerable exertio  managed to climb the ledge with Andre's help. After getting on my feet  ooked around, we'd arrived at another scaling wall of smooth rock, whic ould be too high to climb. Andre was already looking for a way to ge round it.

"Maybe we should make a ladder." He suggested. I knew it was halfway  oke. We were both carrying makeshift bundles of dried bamboo sticks, hel ogether with the cord we'd learned to make form leaves, and while the ere cumbersome it was an easy way to carry them.

"That's probably more complicated than you'd think" I said. I turned t ook back down the part we'd already climbed. It looked like we'd alread limbed more than halfway to the top. Knowing this island there was goin o be something spectacular up there.

"Bro!" Andre suddenly called out. He'd gone around a corner in the roc ormations and were calling out I turned towards. "I found something" H aid, when I didn't react immediately.

"What?" I said, tearing myself away from the absolutely stunning view o he overgrown half of the Island. You could see the where the forest had  learing in the tree line, where the camp was located, although yo ouldn't see into the camp, due to the foliage and the distance.

"Come and see it." Andre said, now peeking his head back around the roc ace. I sighed and followed him around. I was met by a sight that wasn' xactly a surprise after what I'd seen of this island. Even so it took me  hile to really comprehend what I was seeing. The rock was painted with  ainting. A painting just like the one we'd found down in the forest, o he obelisk-like rock that stood in the middle of the orchard with th ysterious fruits. Just like the one down there, this was in full size an epicted two boys who were both facing the viewer. Both were depicte aked, except for the lengths of sparse cord, which were holding  election of decorative items. The tallest of the two had long hair and th istinctive tanned skin-color of the native population, based on th aintings I'd already seen. His smile was wide and welcoming, his eyes kin nd full of energy. He had one arm draped around the shoulders of the othe oy, holding him in close. He had a beautifully carved earring made fro ither wood or bone; it was hard to tell. He had a woven wristband,  ecklace with a carved wooden medallion and a cord that went around hi aist. His cock was absolutely massive. Hanging heavily between his legs laccid and resting I front of the heavy ball sack which were likewis igger than average. Curiously he didn't have pubic hair even though he ha o be at least the same age as Andre and me. I couldn't help but stare a is massive tool, which were a lot bigger than either of ours. I felt  light brush of heat on my face and a slight twitch in my shorts as  ouldn't help but imagining what it would look like when it was hard. Th horter of the two boys also had shorter hair and was standing close to th ther boy with his arm around the taller boy's waist, resting on hi pposite hip. His head was resting in a nuzzling gesture on the talle oy's shoulder, with his eyes half closed as if standing this close wa ure bliss to him. This boy only had one cord which was tied around hi nkle. His penis was smaller and flaccid too, but not completely a est. His sack was small, round and tucked neatly beneath the shaft. H ven had little downs of pubic hair above it. Both of the boys had fain ribal markings drawn on their bodies, the same way both Andre and I ha nder out clothes.

"Isn't that just incredible?" Andre asked. "I mean, how long do you thin hey've been here?"

"I don't know." I said. "We've found another painting like this down in th orest. I don't remember if I showed you." I looked questioningly at him ime was beginning to flow together for me, being on this island away fro ll clocks and calendars.

"I did see them." Andre said. "I halfway thought the camp-people had place t there for our benefit."

"True, but do you really think they'd go to that kind of lengths to do it?  asked. "Also, if they really was placed there by the camp-leaders,  oubt they would have painted them naked." I continued thoughtfully.

"I thought that too. But then I saw that they'd photographed a naked boy t how us how the natives dressed themselves. So, either history is ver mportant, or they aren't that prudish." Andre pondered. "But there is  ery big difference between having a nude model on a few pictures an aving an artist with this level of skill come out here and paint nude boy ll over a remote island, don't you think?"

"That's why we believe they are genuine." I said. "Even though they are s ell preserved."

"They look pretty happy don't you think?" Andre added. He tilted his hea nd looked at the painting. I felt him nudge my arm and looked at him, hi ace suddenly goofy and grinning.

"How'd you like to play with a dick like that?" He asked. He gesture owards the huge tool that the taller boy was equipped with. I felt my fac edden but remembered who I was with.

"Just imagine when it was hard. I don't think I could take it" I almos hispered back, snickering. I snug my arm around his waist and felt hi ull me in. Our lips met a fleeting moment.

"It didn't take you long to start looking at boys." I said as we held eac ther in the arms.

"Hey, don't get jealous, babe." Andre said. "I'm just getting used t ooking at boys in that way. Let me enjoy it." We kissed again; this tim asting longer.

"Babe?" I asked, when we finally paused again. This was a new feeling tanding like this close with our arms around each other, in a way that wa urely beyond a friendly embrace.

"Too much?" He asked, his face still not quite rid of the smile.

"A little girly perhaps." I said. "You've never used a nick name before."

"I didn't want to start it when the others were around." Andr eplied. "But it was just a friendly nick name. I'm not a hit it and qui t kind of guy, if you know what I mean." I felt his hand find it way up m -shirt and caress the skin of my lower torso. The touch made me sigh wit remors as years of sexual frustration that was still left in my body wa eleased. "My Ex called me that sometimes, though. I didn't mean it as yo re A babe, I mean it as you being MY babe."

"Fair enough." I said. "We should get going though. There are probabl till a few obstacles on our way up." I slid my arms from around his nec nd pulled away, feeling every inch of his hands as they once again brushe ver my bare skin.

"Maybe no." Andre said as he turned his attention back onto the boy ainted on the rock. "Look at their hands."

"What?" I said. I was already looking around to see where it would b asiest to ascent. I turned to look and didn't quite see what Andre ha een before he pointed out that it was their hands. Both boys had one han round the other boy, but their other hand was free. The taller boy's fre and was pointing. It was almost imperceptibly but he was undoubtabl ointing. His finger was pointing to the left of him and u orth. Automatically my eyes the shorter boy's hand. His free right arm wa laced at a natural low angle, but his finger was definitely pointing t he right and down. Both gestures were so discreet that it was no wonde 'd missed them.

"Can you see it?" Andre asked.

"I think I know what you mean, but that can't be right." I said. My eye till fixed on the paining to try and make sense of it.

"Isn't it obvious?" Andre said. "This isn't just a painting, it's a pointe f some kind. It's like the once in the grove showing how to harvest an repare the fruits, this one just points the way to somewhere. I bet th ne pointing left is showing us the way to the top." I raised an eyebrow a im. Even as cute as he was, that was a hell of an assumption to make.

"That's a whole lot of effort to put into a road sign." I said. "I guess i akes sense to some degree, this part of the island can be like  abyrinth, but the summit should be easy to find when you just keep goin p."

"True enough, but we've had to go out of our way to find somewhere we coul et up further, three times already." Andre said. "As for the paintin eing so elaborate. Think about it, if you're a talented artist on thi sland with nothing much to do, wouldn't you also make the sig laborate. I'm just wondering if there are more art-pieces like this."

"Undoubtably." I said. "One of our first letters said, there would b ncient stuff to find around here, so I bet that's what they meant. Oh, a ong as I remember, remind me to tell Lars that he should get a picture o his... for the scrapbook I mean." I said the last part with a reddenin ace, I knew exactly what Lars was going to use this painting for and b he look of Andre's face, he knew it too.

"I didn't mean it like that!" I said sheepishly and gave him a jap on th houlder.

"Admit it." Andre said with a smug smile. "You're gonna come back here an ap to it. That guy's cock is to die for." My reaction was initiating  uick session of horseplay, which only confirmed Andre's suspicions,  new. When we finally stopped, Andre grabbed my hand, and gave me a quic iss on the cheek.

"Come on, Bro." He said, and started dragging me in the direction th aller boy was pointing. "We need to find the peak. Let's just see if I' ight."

"So we're back to 'Bro' now?" I said, playfully.

"Hey, you were the one that didn't like babe." Andre retorted. "And you'r ore my bro than my babe anyway. We're like... bud's anyway and you'v aken my dick pretty good, I think bro is fitting." He paused for a minut nd slowed down when we came to a somewhat narrow passage between two soot alls of rock. "Bro is higher than babes anyway... they say bros befor oes, right? Then again a hoe is not a babe..."

"That's a lot of labels." I said, following Andre into the passage. W ouldn't walk next to each other, so I ended up walking behind him. Stil e held on to each other's hands as we steadily climbed the steady slope.

"Just trying to figure my situation out here, Bro." Andre said. He wa acing away from me so I couldn't see his expression. "I used to think tha  was just a normal guy with a minor... I don't know, let's call it  ealthy appreciation for other guys, but then we... you know, and it wa etter than I'd had before." He turned around and looked at me, withou etting go of my hand. "I'm just a little confused, so I think I just nee ou to be my bro, and we can keep figuring this out, cuz I really lik ou." I looked at him for a few seconds.

"I'm ok with that." I said, I held up the fist of my other hands. "Bros?"

"With benefits." He said and bumped my fist it with his own. He sent me  rin before continuing our climb to the top.

"So, if this leads to the top, where do you think the other path wa eading?" I asked, the change of subject much welcome.

"No clue." Andre answered. "But probably somewhere important, we'll have t heck it out when we have better time. I guess we actually do have quite  it of work to do if we need to make a big fire. That tends to take  hile."

"Have you done it before?" I asked. I hadn't even considered that making  ig bonfire would difficult. We had plenty of dried bamboo and remedies t ake fire. I knew we had to go back and show the others the way when we' ound the place. But per the agreement the others would bring the stuff w eeded with them.

"Made big fires?" Andre clarified. "Yea me and my bros back home used t ake them on the beach sometimes in the summer. Bonfires on the beach ar mazing but they do take a while to make, especially big ones.

"We have plenty of time till dark." I said looking up. I was getting prett ood at gauging the time from the sun, we were still a lot closer to midda han at sun set, I'd be surprised if it was much past two.

"I'd like to be done with the preparations." Andre said. "I want to have  ook around up here before it gets dark."

After following the enclosed pathway for a while, we came back out in th pen. The terrain was a little flatter here, but we were very obviously no t the top yet. Soft grass and more smooth cliff sides and large boulder ere scattered around making it hard to see very far in any direction.  ad a feeling that if you knew this place it would be perfect for hide an eek. But I was a little more worried about being lost. There was also  it colder up here, since the breeze flowed easily between all the nook nd crannies and the stones were not always in direct sunlight, making the uite cool as well.

"Look how fantastic this place is." Andre said. "It's even more like  abyrinth up here."

"Just keep walking up, eventually we'll hit the top right?"

"Unless we run into another dead end." I said. "I just hope we can find ou ay back down." I looked around trying to memorize the area we came from.  new I could find my way back from this place.

"Let's do this." Andre said, I saw he'd found a small white stone on th round. Quickly he drew a white arrow on the rock face of our entranc sing the white stone as chalk.

"At least we can try and keep track of the route." He said, and put th ock into his pocket.

"Good idea." I said, and looked around to try a gauge what the best way t he top would be. I decided to go with the obvious choice and wal traight. Knowing this island, it wasn't going to be that easy, but I ha o check. As expected, I quickly got turned around and after marking ou oute and backtracking a little, we tried another way that looke ogical. I lead the way up that road and was suddenly about to fall on m ss by sheer startlement. Straight ahead stood a boy on top of a larg oulder. It took me a second to see that it was actually another painting one on the rock face behind the boulder. As I moved closer, I could se hy I had though the boy was real, for a second. He was painted so th erspective of where I stood, made the boy seem three dimensional. This bo as younger than any of the others I'd seen so far. Somewhere in his earl eens his body was still going through developments, getting more muscl ut still lanky the way only a teenage boy could be. As expected, he was a ude as the other boys I'd seen and his smile was both devious and innocen t the same time, as someone who had hidden a secret surprise somewhere an ouldn't wait to show you. He had long semi-long hair filled with littl rinkets of different kinds. Stones shells and feathers but were otherwis ot wearing any gear. He didn't even have any of the markings the othe oys had. If it wasn't for his hair decoration and his tribal features, h ould just as easily have been from California as he could be a native. Hi enis was small, dangly and boyish with a short foreskin that exposed a bi f the head and no pubic hair. He was looking directly at us as if he' een waiting for us to follow him. He stood as if he was just about to ru head while impatiently waiting for us to catch up. His right hand wa ifted as if to wave us closer. It was like he'd been ahead of us the whol ime and couldn't wait to show us what was ahead.

"That's another painting." Andre said unnecessarily. He was holding my ar aving prevented me to fall when I'd been startled. "You ok, Bro?" He aske lmost as an afterthought.

"Yea I'm fine. That one was just so lifelike." I got to my feet and walke o the artwork. "Should we follow him?" I asked. And let my gaze follow th ath the boy was about to run down at. I could see that it was endin etween two boulders in a patch of grass further uphill.

"Ain't got nothing to lose." Andre said and the two of us walked the shor istance until we felt a strong breeze hit our faces, with warm fingers o ind going through my hair. The smell of sea and high altitude was uncann nd sudden. I closed my eyes against the sudden sensation, I stood lik his for a moment, enjoying the fresh air as I was sure we'd reached ou estination. The fresh wind and the smells were already incredible and th rass under my feet was so soft I felt like taking off my sandals. We bot itched our packs of bamboo in the grass and I trotted forward to feel th resh wind on my face.

"Holy shit, look!" Andre exclaimed. He sounded like he was completely i we so I opened my eyes and looked around to see what Andre had found.  econd later I found him standing next to another painting of  oy... except... wait. The boy he was standing next to didn't have  ackground. Nothing except the beautiful blue sky at least. This time i asn't a painting, it was a statue.

With my jaw completely unhinged I walked closer to the incredibl culpture. And didn't stop till I was only a few feet away. I hardl elieved what I was seeing. The statue depicted a boy, naked of cause, an ike the one we'd seen on our way in, wearing no tribal gear what s ver. He did however have very faint tribal drawings on his body, actuall uite a few more than any of the others I'd seen. He was also among th lder of the depicted boys, but not necessarily the oldest we'd seen. If i asn't for the slightly fainted paint and the necessarily much rougher cu han an artist could achieve on a flat medium I would have had to touch i o believe it wasn't a real boy. He was standing in a posture with his fee lightly apart and his arms spread out. His body arched back in a perfec ow, only interrupted by the bulge of his perfect round butt. The way h as standing was almost like the mere kiss of the sunlight on his skin wa ourishing him, and the wind though his long hair was as refreshing as  ull night's sleep. Absolutely enchanted, I moved around the boy to tak is whole body in sight. His eyes were closed, and his face was blissful ut what I noticed first when I saw him from the front was hi enitals. His cock was absolutely huge, not unrealistically so but muc igger both in length and girth that I'd expected. Furthermore, and as  ource of mixed feelings for me, the boy was fully erect. His cock standin t full attention, curving up worth and with the foreskin fully retracte xposing the red-colored glands. His torso was well trained, with th emblance of abs on the stomach and well-toned, however still not quit ature chest muscles.

"All right now I'm convinced." Andre said dumbfounded by the spectacula iece of artwork. "This just simply cannot be legit. There's just n ucking way this thing was made by indigenous people."

"I..." I started but I trailed off. This was just unbelievable.

"How would they even make it." Andre continued with. "It must have take onths, and they'd have to have metal tools... right?" He said as if h asn't as sure as he'd just said he was.

"Maybe they did have a tool we don't know about." I said, I may hav ounded a little meek, but I wasn't just going to dismiss it as a forger ust yet.

"What would they have? Stone?" Andre asked.

"Different stones have different densities, maybe this one is just made ou f a softer kind of stone."

"Then how would it have survived up here for so long. I mean it's at leas  hundred years." Andre said. "It would have been worn by wind an eather."

"The sun mainly." I answered. "But it really hasn't been that long sinc here were indigenous people here. Lars found a paper written in the 1930'  think, where the author describes the people." So that's just a fe ecades at most.

"That's still almost a hundred years." He argued.

"Or it could be as little as twenty." I said. "We actually have n dea. I'm just wondering what made them disappear in the first place."

"That's actually a good question." Andre pondered. "I mean, it could hav een the classic story of Europeans invading, but somehow I don't thin hat's likely. I mean, these islands are neither exploited nor have thei nique features really been known by the outside world. I mean if thes rawings are legit, they belong in a museum."

"How would one do that? Pull them out of the wall?" I said, amused by th hought.

"If they can do it with Ancient Egyptian murals, then they can do it here. ndre said. He sat down in the grass and looked up at the statue whil eaning back on his hands.

"I wonder what other treasures this island holds. I can hardly imagin nything topping this." I said joining my friend on the grass, and jus njoying the sun for a moment. We'd been walking for quite a while at thi oint and most of it had been uphill. I had assumed it would be a shorte rip that it had been so I hadn't brought any water either. The onl espite from sore feet was a couple of minutes in the grass.

"I bet you'd love him fucking you." Andre said coyly. "look at the size o hat cock."

"Jealous?" I asked, just as coyly and sat up next to him, placing an ar round him. Usually I didn't initiate physical contact between us. No ecause I didn't want to, but because I was still a little unsure of Andr anted me to. I knew he liked being in control and he was still battlin ith his feelings for me. He didn't retract though but placed a gentle han n my belly and leaned in to give me a soft kiss on the mouth. His larg ips felt so soft and big against my smaller once and for a moment I fel ike the world didn't exist.

"Maybe a little... that sure is big as fuck. Do you even think you coul it a guy that big?" Andre mused I snickered, a little embarrassed by suc  straightforward question.

"Probably not." I said snickering, my cheeks getting warmer, and m eartbeat faster. I watched as Andre scooted closer to the standin tatue. Since it was in natural size its crotch was about on height wit ndre's head. I watched him as he got a closer look at the enormous manhoo he statue possessed. The fact that the statue was so well made the sight  ittle bit unsettling, and the sight of Andre gently touching the statues enis made my own body tickle and my dick started to move a little bit.

"It's amazingly detailed." He said. "I mean it even has those little ridge n the underside of the tip, though they are a little eroded. Whoever mad his really didn't forget anything."

"Do you really think a summer camp would put that much devotion into it ecor?" I asked, still pretty convinced it was real.

"I don't know what to believe." He said. There was a little bit of silenc etween us, then Andre broke it again.

"Hey, bro." He said, again grinning deviously. "Look at this." When he wa ure I was watching he put his lips around the tip of the statues penis an rinned like an idiot. I couldn't help but giggle at the sight.

"What are you doing you idiot." I said grinning and looked at him with  aised eyebrow.

"I bet I can take more if it in my mouth that you can." He said. There wa  challenging gleam in his eyes that was impossible to refuse, but stil he challenge was pretty dumb. Even as I got up and sat next to him at th oot of the statue, I felt a little stupid, glad that the others weren' ere.

"You wanna see who is best at giving a statue a blowjob?" I aske ncredulously. "If you wanna turn everything into a competition, then it' hor you need."

"I just wanna see how far down you can get it. I mean, you've done i efore right?" He asked. "Is it hard to do?"

"Dude, I don't know any more about sucking dick than you do. I've neve one it before." I said. I couldn't remember if I'd mentioned it before ut if not, he didn't remember either.

"Oh." He said, a little embarrassed. "Sorry. I just assumed it wa omething gay guys did. I mean... never mind." He said trailing off. "My e sed to do it every once in a while. She was pretty good at it, but I'v bviously never done anything but licking her... which I recon is prett ifferent."

"Worried that you can't figure it out?" I retorted. A bit of cockiness i y voice.

"You manipulative little bitch!" Andre blurted out but using a playfu oving tone. The next I knew was him grabbing my arms and tumbling m round in the grass. I squealed too as we both rolled around in the gras restling for control. Our horseplay didn't stop before he was sittin traddled over me, my arms pinned and his lips were sealed over mine in  ery long and very deep kiss, that made the world swim around us in a whir f things that were utterly uninteresting.

"What if the others come?" I said, while Andre was kissing and caressing m eck. My cock was throbbing now and painfully braced against my shorts.  ould feel that Andre was in a similar predicament. His groin grindin gainst mine.

"They won't." Andre replied and kissed me on the mouth again to stifl nymore weak protests I might have had. Not that I really could think o ny.

I felt him opening the button in my shorts which relived a great deal o he pressure but not it all. My underwear was still in the way. With m ree hand I worked and wiggled to pull down both parts, till I felt th oft grass under my bare butt and my cock was standing freely in the war reeze. Andre got up and leaned back, having removed his tank top while  ulled down my shorts. Before I knew it, he was between my legs, his fac ess than a foot from my crotch. My shaft was moving only slightly in tro ith my breathing, a sudden silence between us. He was now lookin ntensely at it while biting his lower lip, seeming indecisive. I coul eel his breath on the sensitive skin from his large nostrils as a fe ndecisive moments passed between us. He didn't look at me, just at m haft with an expression of curiosity and a hint of self-questioning.  eminded myself that Andre was a straight guy. At least as straight as  uy could be when he'd spend the last few nights fucking another guy in th ss, but this was still different. It was the first time he was dealin ith my dick this directly. I was just about to assure him that he didn' ave to do it, when he gently took a hold of it with his soft wid ingers. A tiny action that made me sigh with little tingles all over m kin and choking down whatever sentence had been forming in my throat.

He held, first like it was made of glass and could shatter at an oment. Then took a better hold, like it was a joystick and pulled back th oreskin to expose the moist head to the air.

"Never seen a white boy's cock up this close." He said softly. "Looks s ifferent, head is a whole different color too." I snickered but managed t hoke it back. This was nervous chatter from a guy who was about to put hi erceived masculinity on the line. There was no need to make fun of him.

After another pause, he finally did it. Carefully he opened his mouth losing his eyes and took it in his mouth. I held my breath getting mysel eady as well. His soft lips brushed over the ultrasensitive glands sendin hutters down my dick and up my spine. That followed by the wet war ensation of his pink tongue sliding against the underside of the hea here the string was attached. I clenched my jaw as a very not-masculin ound escaped my throat. The sensation was so overwhelming I almost los he balance as I was prodded up on the elbows. I was so used to all th est sensations of a sexual nature coming from inside of me; from an ombination of prostate stimulation and being filled out, that I' orgotten, or maybe never really known how sensitive my penis was. Andr wiveled his head licking around the glands sending another tremor o leasure though my body, before he retraced and looked back up at me atching for my reaction. When I looked down at him I couldn't help bu mile at his playful facial expression, my cheeks burning and my puls levated. After that initial careful try, Andre seemed to have gotten hi onfidence back. With renewed vigor he took my cock into his mouth agai nd started going slowly up and down, sending sparks of electricity into m ody and making me gasp with excitement. Even though he hadn't down i efore, he clearly knew what he was doing. Probably from the many time e'd gotten blowjobs from his ex. Nevertheless, he couldn't get my shaf ery far into his mouth, and he didn't even try to swallow it into hi hroat, but I didn't care. By the time he'd started groaning in his dee ase voice, sending a series of vibrations into my dick, compounding th leasure. I had already lost sensation in my legs; my fingers were flexing nd my hole was puckering. I had no idea how long I managed to hold out ut finally I gave in and arched my back as my orgasm took over every ounc f my brain and body. The only sound I made was a half-choked throat sound ut the resulting shot of cum that rushed from my inners very clearly ende p in Andre's mouth. He immediately started coughing which unfortunatel roke my ecstasy and replacing it with a sense of alertness. I watched wit ig eyes as Andre cleared his throat with a combination of spits, swallow nd coughs. His eyes watered from the experience.

"Jeez... *cough* ... warn a brother next time, will ya?" he said stil itting on all fours looking at me.

"Sorry." I muttered. "I forgot..." still not quite recovered from th reatment. He kept grimacing a little, but his face got milder by th econd.

"Yea alright, what did I expect was gonna happen." He grinned at me an rawled closer climbing over me, so our faces were level with each other is above min. I grinned and we shared a deep kiss. If there was any tast f my own dick on him, I didn't taste it. All though there was still th emnants of what was unmistakably my own cum. Nothing I hadn't taste efore I might add. Subsequently we laid next to each other. His head on m hest, slowly rising and falling with my breath, his hand in mine, my othe and nuzzling his hair.

"I cannot believe how easy that was." He said, as if he'd discovered  agic secret. "She always presented it like it was an art form o omthin'."

"Is it any different than going down on her?" I asked. Even though I had n nterest in sex with women or their genitalia at all, I was still curiou bout it.

"Completely different." Andre said matter-of-factly. "Sometimes it doesn' atter what you do to that thing, she might as well be doing her homewor ith all the fun she's having." He sounded a little bitter.

"One time she even wanted me to do it while she was on the rag. I mean ca ou imagine?" He made a disgusted facial expression, and a very audibl Ew." escaped my lips.

"Yea, I ended up looking like that picture of Bear Grylls." He said.

"EEEW." I said, louder and on purpose this time. "You actually did it?"

"I had to." He said, a little sheepishly. "She promised to give me hea fterwards and I'd just been 2 weeks away at camp, so my balls were read o explode man."

We both laughed and snuggled a little closer together.

"That's still gross, but if you want I can try and see if I can one up he n that BJ." I offered. I was feeling a little cocky now, and I was ver ager to try it, now that I knew how good it felt.

"Sorry bro, that's gotta wait till later." He said, grinning at m heepishly. When I looked quizzically at him, he took my hand and moved i own to his crotch and placed if flat on top of his shorts right over hi ock. I could feel the limp member under the fabric, but I also fel omething more.

"Did you cum, while giving me head?" I asked, feeling the enormous wet spo n front of his pants, that had to be either cum or... somethin lse. Given what we'd just done I chose to believe the first thing.

"Yea... I think I might have accidentally dry humped the grass. Dude it wa o hot I didn't even think about it. I just felt it happening." I giggle nd pulled him into another kiss on the mouth taking the opportunity t rope his cock though his shorts, feeling the cum soaked spot again.  adn't had the opportunity to touch his cock when it was soft and found i o less appealing than when it was hard and dry. The heaviness and spong oftness were like mine, but different as was everything about Andre' ody.

We finally got ourselves together and stood up, not wanting the others t ind us snuggling up together when they arrived, we also had to star etting up the fire if we wanted to have any hope of a big bonfire when th ight came.

"Do you think this is getting to be too much?" Andre asked, as h nbuttoned his shorts and discarded them with all the grace of a newbor alf. I watched as he removed his underwear too, exposing his thick dar ock that hung heavy like a horse's did and send a little electric puls hough my heart every time I saw it.

"What is?" I asked looking him in the eye a little too late to b onchalant about it.

"I mean us doin' it." He said. "Don't get me wrong, I'm just not sure  ant to send the wrong message."

"I still don't follow." I said trying not to stare as he wiped his dic nder the foreskin and on his shaft with the part of his underwear that wa till dry.

"It's just that... you know I'm still straight right?" He said, his voic ull of doubt. I raised my eyebrows, not really wanting to broach thi ubject right now.

"If you say so." I replied, non-committaly. "Where is this coming from?"

"How can I be straight if I like sucking you off and fucking you more tha  liked doing it with the girls I was dating before?" He asked.

"I thought we agreed you were just bi-curious." I said, a little panicke ver being the one that had to comfort. "You like girls but you also lik laying around with a boy sometimes. It's not like we're in a seriou elationship, we're just having fun."

"I know that, but how can I just be bi-curious if I like the gay stuf etter than the straight stuff." He said, sounding worried.

"Then I guess you're bi, but I'm pretty sure sexuality is a little mor omplicated than that." putting my hand on his shoulder, hoping it wasn't  istake. He put his hand on top of mine and sighed.

"It's easier for you. You know what you like." He said.

"I know I like your big black cock up my ass." Trying to assert myself  ittle. "That's all I know. I don't know if I'd like it if it was someon lse from this island, that I hadn't slept with. All I know is I don' hink of girls when I jerk off."

"But I don't think of girls anymore either." Andre said. "What if I' ecoming gay?"

"You don't become gay, you either are or are not." I said. "You've had se ith girls, you liked having sex with girls. You've had sex with one entir oy, and you liked having sex with that boy. I don't even know if tha ualifies as bisexual. Unless I am not the only boy you've fantasize bout?"

That question wasn't fair, I knew that. But the almost guilty expressio as proof enough.

"Then it's called bisexual, it's perfectly normal and it's something ne ou learned about yourself on this island. Some men don't discover tha bout themselves until they are forty."

Andre didn't respond but just nodded. A few minutes later we'd unrolled th acks of dry bamboo we'd been carrying with us up here. We started buildin  tipi-like cage from the sticks and bound it together with a palm lea ord. The idea was that if we filled the cage with the whole dried pal eaves and firewood, we'd be able to create a huge blazing fire that coul e seen from far away. Doing a break in our work, where we'd been t ccupied by our task to speculate on sexual orientation, we both stood a he edge of the cliff looking over the ocean, each of us pissing over th dge next to each other, watching the pee scatter to the wind below us. W ere both still naked at this point. I'd completely forgotten about m lothes. I felt safe with Andre and I didn't even think about the fact tha he others could be arriving at any time. Andre's shorts and underwear wer oaked in cum, so he'd just decided to do without, not even bothering wit he tank top.

"I'm starting to think Martin isn't completely crazy about his ideas abou his island." Andre said, exhaling as he emptied his bladder, holding hi ock with both hands.

"About this place being special?" I asked. I didn't completely disagre ith Martin on that point, but I remained skeptic.

"I've learned a lot about myself already." He continued. "Sometimes  onder if the native islanders meant for people to come here and lear bout themselves."

"If that's true they're succeeding." I muttered. "But I think it's mostl bout us being alone and completely isolated. We depend on each other ou ere."

"We sure do." Andre said as we both watched the sun on its steady approac owards the horizon right next to one of the other islands who's peak w ould see easily from here.



[Tags: Oral, cumming in pants.]

