Date: Sat, 2 Jan 2021 20:52:24 +000 rom: Human Man <gladly11@hotmail.com ubject: Island, Chapter 20

And that's chapter 20, my how far we've come. Enjoy.


Disclaimer: This story is free fantasy, nothing in it ever happened and al haracters are made up and do not resemble any real person, living or dead.

This story includes a whole lot of irrisposible behaviour, and I do no ondone any of it. Including but not limited to: Sexual behaviour betwee ales younger than 16 years old, underaged drinking, nudity, swearing ublic urination, leaving teenagers unsupervised on a unspecfically locate ninhabited island, pop-culture references, compleate and utter disregar or STD prevention, some stuff you really shouldn't do with a camera ating or otherwise inserting into yourself unfamiliar fruits you find i ature, an (at this point) unhealthily lax attitude towards hyginge unning around a dark deserted island in the middle of the night, sexua olestation of artwork, and bad jokes.

I kindly remind you that I am a stranger on the internet and anything yo ead is at your own risk.

If you like this story and feel like donating, you can. Not to me, I am  epraved person who writes erotic fiction with something that vaguel esembles a plot and then jerk off to the result. No, donate to Nift nstead, cuz they are great. There is a link for that here ttp://donate.nifty.org/

Lastly, I like the idea of adding Tags to a story so people know what the an expect to jerk off to, but I also find them to often be spoiling th tory a little. With that in mind I have decided to put these at the botto f the page, so if you need tags they can be found there.



Chapter 20: Lars, June 17th - Noon



The sun was like an absolute hammer today. It was always warm here, even a ight, but today was absolutely scorching. Not only that but the weathe as so clear, you could see one of the other islands as much more than  ilhouette in the distance. It was bigger than ours, by my inexperience udgement anyway, and had stretches of foliage. Rather than have thei ighpoint slanted to the side of the island, theirs were in the middle eaving no doubt that it was a volcanic island. It had also dawned on me ore like it had before that we were actually trapped here, whether w iked it or not. I mean, sure if push came to shove, we could probably cal he people responsible for this camp on the emergency radio, but whethe e'd actually be allowed to be send home was debatable.

Due to the sun and the general feel of the group I had put on clothes, a ell had Matt, Andre and Thor. We were still keeping it casual of cause ut it helped that all of the permanent nudists, that being Martin, Jaco nd Sebastian, were back at camp, or on the rocky side or wherever the hel hey felt like that wasn't here. I was still wearing the makeshift skir hat went with my native costume. It was unconventional, but not at al irly as I had first feared it would be. I thought of it more like a kil nyway. Especially not when I was wearing the rest of the costume. Mor ike a movie Indian than anything else. When I was wearing a blue Hawaiia hirt, sandals and a sun hat as I was now, I looked more like an America ourist on the Maldives, with a towel around his waist. Only needed a fann ack to tie it all together. I wasn't wearing anything underneath my kil ither. There was something freeing and naughty about it. Like at an oment I could fall or there'd be a gust of wind to blow up the fabric an how my private parts to the world.

Thor, my new boyfriend, was walking on my right, his bare feet in the bri f the water the rushed up the white beach sand and soaked his feet. He wa n a pair of shorts and a shirt similar to mine, though his was in a ligh ink that exaggerated his blond and fit nicely over his bulging muscles i ll the right places. A pair of ray-ban sunglasses on his eyes and stil earing one of the tribal armbands we'd made. How could that sex otherfucker be my boyfriend? It was really hard to believe. Here I wa ooking like the most stereotypical American tourist, and he looked dream o matter what he did. I should be holding his hand right now, shouldn' . Wasn't that something couples did. Neither Matt nor Andre would b urprised. I had told them both about my crush on Thor a while ago, whe 'd accidentally caught the two of them kissing one very earl orning. We'd even jerked off together, jerked each other off. On th lipside I had not told Thor anything about what Matt and Andre knew, no id Thor know the two of them were... whatever they were. Likewise, I ha ot told Matt and Andre the news. It was pretty ridiculous all four peopl n this group were gay or... gay-ish and still I could not get myself to b pen about it. Plus, walking hand it hands it would be awkward with the tw f them here. Matt and Andre were having a conversation that I had zone ut of a while ago. Andre whose dark skin was more tolerant of the sun ere in a pair of boxer shorts and one of his signature tank-tops tha howed off his muscular upper arms. One of those loose basketball tank-top hat was more like draped over his chest rather than being on him. Matt o he other hand had surprised me a little by having put on his loincloth an  t-shirt. Maybe it was because the loincloth was more revealing that h robably realized. With every step there was a good chance of seeing som ide-nut and once in a while even some shaft if you were lucky. He'd tol e he liked wearing it, and I was the last person to blame him. It suite im well and the accidental flashing of genitals were only a positive thin n my book.

"I get why they'd want us to have a drop off point for whatever they'r oing to send our way, and vice versa. But do they really need to drape i n all this cringey island-mysticism?" Matt said.

"Come on matt, just play along for once." Thor said, jumping over  eaching wave only to land in it with both feet, making a splash.

"I am playing along." Matt replied indignantly. "I just don't like to b reated like a kid at a birthday party. Most of the time I wonder if ther s something else, we're supposed to do, aren't camps like these meant t each us something?"

"There is no camp like this one." Andre said as he bowed down picking up  mall conical mollusk shell of some kind, turning it between hi ingers. "I've come to think of this as more of a vacation than a summe amp, and frankly I like it better this way."

"This isn't a summer camp." I said, I'd finally tuned back into th onversation after dwelling in my own thoughts for a while. "This is  et-rid-of-your-difficult-teenager-for-a-while-camp." I looked at Andre an att with a humorous smile. It was true though; I was certain of it.

"Isn't that what all summer camps are for?" Andre asked.

"Good point." I mumbled and kicked a small stone into another incoming wav ith the toe of my sandal.

Being the first to round the next cluster of palms and bamboo, Matt spotte he red flag, that was lazily bellowing in the sparse wind blowing a littl urther down the beach. It was little more than a piece of red cloth tie o an old broom handle, but it was quite obviously our destination. Today' etter had specified that there'd be a red flag somewhere on the beac here we were to set up this 'altar' as they called it. When we got close t was actually pretty easy to see why this place had been chosen.

The flag was set in a little inlet in the vegetation about 20 or 25 meter rom the water at high tide, as it was now.  Somewhere approximately in th enter, were one of those huge, flat and smooth boulders that this Islan eemed to have an abundance of. I remembered walking past this place befor ut not having really noticed it. Besides the flag and the stone, it wasn' eally anything special.

"I guess this is our altar." Andre said and stepped closer to inspect th ite. Thor picked up the flag and whirled the stick around like the hero i  kung-fu movie.

"Alright, I guess that part was easy." He said, swinging the fla round. "What now? Did any of you bring the letter?"

"You're the only one of us who have pockets." Andre pointed out.

"The letter said we had to decorate it." I said, having a pretty goo emory of the wording. "Although how and why I don't understand."

"If nothing else it's something fun to do." Andre commented. "Sounds lik omething Jake and Seb would think was fun too."

"Don't get me wrong, it does sound fun. But it all feels odd. Did th slanders used to do this? It smells a lot like they want us to play int heir religious and cultural tendencies."

"I wonder if that's what they meant by 'proper spiritual guidance for youn en and women.'" Matt said, making quote marks in the air with his fingers.

"I don't remember that being in the orientation." I said.

"My mom said it. She mentioned something about a Christian angle too,  idn't think it was gonna be a big deal, there weren't any crosses on th rochure so I didn't think it would be too much. And I haven't heard anyon ention Jesus once since we left the country."

"But it doesn't say Christian." I pointed out. "It says spiritual. That' ery much open for interpretation. Heck, we could be sacrificing goat hile wearing black robes right now it would still technically b piritual."

"It says proper spiritual guidance, though." Matt said. "Island worship ca ardly be thought of as proper, can it?"

"Why not? If by 'proper' your inferring Christian or even any other bi ainstream religion you're making one hell of an assumption, but that ma ave been the whole point."

"I don't understand?" Andre said.

"Truth is in the eye of the beholder." I said. "If the person who wrote th amphlet believes island-worship is the one spiritual truth of the world hen it's not technically wrong." I said, in an attempt to explain what  eant. "But writing it in such vague terms will let the reader substitut hatever they themselves believe, if that belief is mainstream enough. hen Both Andre, Matt and Thor still looked confused I tried a differen pproach.

"Your mother." I said, addressed to Andre. "Believed proper spiritua uidance, meant 'Christian' because it's a somewhat reasonable inference i he US. In other words, she was misled by the author of the pamphlet, wh ight have meant island-worship, but without actually saying it."

"It's a pretty wild conspiracy theory." Thor said. "It's a summer camp, no eligious indoctrination."

"No, not indoctrination, for a change we aren't being fed dogma, they'r ust subtly showing us the way. Which is actually fine by me. Think abou t. All the weird things we've been told to do. Gather materials, pain urselves, dress in traditional garments and the ritual with th onfire. Even that place you showed me... you know." I said looking over a hor and saw his expression, biting his lower lip, glancing at the tw thers.

"What place?" Matt asked.

"Nothing." I said quickly. "I was thinking of the grove... never mind."

"Are you sure? You sound like the place you meant was some kind of sla unk for your theory." Matt retorted and crossed his arms. "Are you keepin omething from me?"

"Look, it's nothing ok." Thor said. "Just a place Martin showed us, it' ot really that interesting."

"If it has significance, I'd like to see it." Matt said, now directed a hor.

"That's up to Martin." Thor said and lifted his hands in defense. "He' llowed to have a place to himself if he wants."

"Not if it's important." Matt said and placed his hands at the hips. "W greed to share new information if we found something that could b elevant to our assignments here."

"Then Martin will be the judge of that." Thor said. "You know how he is; h ets weirdly spiritual about this island."

"You can say that again." Andre chimed in. "Isn't that why he and Jacob ar aked all the time."

"Him yes, Jacob just likes to be nude. I know for a fact Martin is plannin n showing everyone at some point. Do me a favor and just indulge him o his."

"Indulge him? Why am I always the one to indulge him?" Matt sai ndignantly and once again crossed his arms.

"Because you're older and more mature. That's how it works, that's wh ou're in charge." Thor said.

"Well I am going to ask him about it then." Matt said. "Let's see how muc n charge I actually am, shall we?" He turned to go back towards the camp ut Andre stopped him by putting a hand on his shoulder.

"I thought we were going to look for treasure." He said.

"For all we know Martin's spot is hiding one of the treasures. It wouldn' urprise me." Matt said back. "You coming?"

"Let me see, look for treasure or watch you get into an argument with  aked teenaged boy? I think I'm going with treasure." I said rinning. Thor snickered, and so did Andre. Both knew the extra layer t he joke, since both knew I really liked looking at naked teenaged boys ven though none of them knew that the other one also liked that. Thi tory was getting harder and harder to keep straight.

"Right, see you later then." Matt said and started walking back the wa e'd come.

"Sorry about that, I screwed up." I said, when both were out of hearin ange. "I was putting two and two together and forgot who I was talkin o."

"Yea it's not ideal." Thor said, sighing deeply. "But Matt does have  oint. As much as he might like that place to be sacred, Martin shouldn' eep it secret, at least now the cat is out of the bag. I just hope Matt i eady for what he finds." I felt Thor's hand slide around my body an aress my back. It took me a little by surprise, but I remembered that h as my boyfriend now. We hadn't had a chance to be alone together sinc e'd made it official, so we'd kept up acting like normal buddies.

As the two others disappeared around the curb, I placed a hand on his hip r rather on his butt, just a light touch to reciprocate the gesture, an o feel the desirable muscle underneath the fabric of his shorts. Not lon fter we'd both turned, and Thor was pressing his lips to mine in a kis hat made my entire body tingle with released hormones.

"Not much of this we get to do, huh?" I said coyly when we finally release he kiss and were just looking into each other's eyes. Ever since we' greed to it, I had feared that maybe we weren't ready to be boyfriends.

"We're keeping this to ourselves for the time being, right?" He said. "Las ight we were all sleeping in the same place, so we didn't get to b lone."

"We're alone now." I said and received another kiss. We both slid over t he future altar and sat down next to each other, one arm around the othe issing softly. Making out we easier that I had thought it would be.

"How do you think Matt will react to seeing that painting?" I asked, whe e took a break.

"Don't know. He's not very sex positive. I don't think Martin can get hi o do what he wants him to do. Andre maybe, but not Matt."

"You mean jack off into a mountain?" I asked, still not sold on the ide yself, even if it had been fun at the time.

"Yes that." Thor said.

"I don't know, man. Matt can be pretty fun if you catch him in the righ ood. He's not prude he is just shy. I know for a fact that Andre and h as jerked off together." It was a half-truth. I knew they'd been fuckin oo, but Thor didn't, and he wasn't going to hear it from me.

"How do you know that." Thor said, looking at me with a sly smile. "Don' ell me you've been out taking covert pictures again."

"No, jeez I haven't taken any secret pictures." I said. "I know because  id it with them."

"You what?" Thor asked. "How did you arrange that?"

"It was early, they caught me doing it... we all might have been a littl runk from the day before." I said, as shorthanded as I could. I did wan o tell the entire story, but it would involve telling Thor about what th wo of them had been doing together. Half truths upon half truths it was.

"Are you mad?" I asked.

"No of cause not." Thor said. "We agreed it was ok to do stuff like that ight. And it must have been before we got together."

"Yea it was. Actually, it was the morning after Andre came to the island.  said.

"Well that all changes things a little." Thor said. "Maybe he can b onvinced."

"Not by Martin." I said. "The two of them are a little at odds, maybe w hould go make sure they don't get too mad at each other."

"Nope." Thor said. "I want to find those treasures; they are old enough t eal with their own problems."

"I know but it is kinda my fault." I said, feeling guilty that I'd let i lip.

"Do you really think he would have reacted any differently if Martin ha old him a week or two from now? Assuming he could keep the secret up fo hat long."

"No, I guess not. As long at Martin aren't going to be mad at me fo pilling the beans." I said. Thor replied by pushing me down onto the ston nd kissing me deeply, making me forget everything about every problem I' ver had in my life.

"Come on sweetie, we better go see if we can find any clues as to wher hey could have hidden the treasures." Thor said, his mouth less than a nch from mine.

"Sweetie?" I asked, a little amused by the endearment.

"You don't like it?" He asked. "I just figured if we're together...

"I know, but that sounds weird somehow." I said. "Something to work on  uess."

"Screw you I'll call you whatever cute nickname I want, babe." He sai oftly and kissed me again, this time caressing my belly with his big hand.

"Do you think Matt was right? Could one of the treasures be hidden at th hat place?" I asked. We were now both laying down on the altar, Thor' hirt open to display his pegs and a visible bulge in his swim shorts tha ivaled mine, except my makeshift kilt was surprisingly better at hidin t.

"It's possible, unless they are there now, I don't think anyone has bee here since yesterday. The counselors are sure to know about it." Tho aid. "But we can't go check, we'd have to go back through the camp, whic eans walking right into an argument."

"No, we don't we can cut through the forest." I said. "That way we'd b voiding the camp."

"Yes, but why bother. If Martin is not already there, he will be goin efore nightfall. I know him well enough to know that he can't keep fro erking it at least twice a day. Jacob is probably with him, he's even mor orny than Martin is, only difference is he doesn't care who sees him d t."

"Maybe they should just fuck and get it over with." I said jokingly. Thor' nly response were to stick out his tongue and roll up in a sittin osition.

"Come on, let's just have a look around, they can't be that hard t ind. We have hardly explored this part of the Island." Thor said, helpin e to my feet with one hand.

"You realize there is an actual chance that we could see Matt and/or Andr erk off into a mountain at that place, right?" I said, as we walked th oastline. We were only a minutes' walk from the place where we'd firs aken lewd pictures together and Thor had sucked me off for the firs ime. Too bad I hadn't brought my camera today.

"I really doubt that." Thor said. "Matt did not look like he was in th ood for that sort of thing. Even if it is possible to get him out of tha hell. But Martin is not the right person to do it."

Thor and I took a trip around the island. We didn't wander much into th orest. Going this way around the island you could climb the rocky side o he island, just like on the other side, upward onto the mountain, or yo ould follow the continuous heap of round boulders close to the waterlin round the mountain, provided you were ready to climb over, under an round the huge rocks that was smoothed by the continuous assault of wate nd wind. Thor and I had gone this way before, when we'd first started t ool around. We chose to follow that way, since it was not unthinkable the ould have placed a piece treasure here.

"Wait up." I hollered at Thor who was way in front of me. His much bette ardio and stronger body scaled the difficult terrain much easier tha ine.

"I'm waiting, I'm waiting." Thor said defensively and just a ta mpatiently. He really enjoyed the exercise. "What's the hold-up."

"It's hard to climb in this skirt." I said defensively. A poor excuse fo y even poorer cardio.

"Then take it off." Thor said coyly just as I caught up with him b limbing over a particularly difficult rock. "I like you better that way."

"And carry it how, Smartass?" I said, playfully booping his nose.

"Leave it here. Put a rock on it so it doesn't blow away." he said, pushin e against the rock I'd just climbed over, and pressing a kiss to my lips is hand seeking the knot of the cord keeping my skirt in place.

"Only if you leave your shorts." I said. I slid my hand down in front o is shorts and down over his sparse pubic hair, already feeling the hea oming off the member hidden in there.

"You know what, I just might." He said before initiating another serious o isses. Meanwhile I took the opportunity to undo the knot in his swi horts. Which was a lot easier than the knots in the tough plant fiber cor hat held my kilt in place. Given that his was tied in a bow, all I had t o was pull the string, hook my thumbs in the rim and pull down. My mout nd face too busy with making out, I felt rather than saw the hard membe f my boyfriend appear and promptly press against my body through th abric of my clothes. After fiddling with the knot for a long time h inally managed to release my makeshift belt and free the fabric, causin he kilt to fall uselessly down around my ankles. Finally, our manhood ere both free brushing and rubbing against each other. My head full o ndorphins and my cock full of blood. I squeezed a handful of his butt i ach hand as we continued to make out balancing on the rounded ston urface my back pressed against yet another of the large boulders that I' ust been climbing over.

"You want to do this now?" I asked as we stood forehead to forehead. W ere already halfway into it. Going any further meant there were n topping.

"We're alone, aren't we? Is something wrong?" he asked, holding m houlders caringly out from his body. I noticed our penises were still ver uch in contact.

"No, but I don't know if... I'm nervous." I said.

"Dude we've done it before." Thor said, his cute confident smile back o is face. His reassuring kiss made me forget what I was going to say o hat my point had even been in the first place. I only noticed the worl gain when Thor broke the kiss and sunk to his knees in front of me. I ook me a second to realize what was happening and what he was doing. Wit y vision blurry from having my eyes closed for a long time in the stron unlight, and the amount of intoxicating hormones and pheromones in m ead, I looked down to see Thor press his entire face into my crotc issing and licking the ball sack with the shaft pressed across hi ace. So entirely devoted to loving and worshipping my genitals that  ould not help but feeling not just loved, but also admired and luste fter. A feeling I'd never had before in my life. The tickling an rickling electric pulses from the sensitive balls was only icing on th ake compared to that. Passionately I ran a hand through his blond hair a e ran his tongue up along the underside of my cock and nibbled on the ti efore pausing, exhaling heavily onto my genitals, tickling all the littl airs. With one hand he cranked my foreskin back from the head and only no icked the glands directly, sending pleasurable tickles up my shaft an nto my body, licking off the large amount of fluid that was alread eaking form it. From there he proceeded to playfully take the head int is mouth, suckling and licking it while playing with my balls with on and and running the other up my inner thigh between my legs. A series o oans and short quick exhales escaped my mouth as the pleasur ntensified. All the little touches and teasing was much more effectiv han I would have ever dreamed of. It was only when the tickling finger raveling up my leg made their way up between my cheeks, that I was snappe ut of the trance. I felt my hole instinctually clamp up as soon as hi ingers made contact. I gasped in surprise and looked down at m oyfriend. He'd taken my dick out of h

is mouth and was looking up at me with a devious smile but with eye ontaining a silent message to trust him. I knew what he was doing o ause. I remembered my conversation with Matt very clearly. He'd advised m o explore this part of my sexuality that morning. According to him th eal pleasure was found on the inside. Even so I felt my heart starting t ump faster, not just with excitement, but also with nervousness. Someho till managing to keep a seductive grin on his face, he took the tip of m ick in his mouth once again and licked his tongue around under th oreskin, while rubbing a finger against my hole, but didn't get far.  nstinctively clenched my buttocks around his hand denying him access. Onc gain, he stopped sucking and looked up at me, for the first time, not sur hat to do.

After a few seconds of awkward eye contact Thor finally went with the saf hoice and withdrew his hand. I felt his warm moist lips close around m ick once again, this time taking as much as he could into his mouth whic as most of it. Relaxing again, I enjoyed his treatment, exhaling sharpl nd sending sparks though my head. Soon after I felt the buildup of sexua nergy reach the point of no return. My body went numb and I felt nothin ut Thor's mouth around my cock before feeling every part of my body tingl t once. My sigh of relief was the only warning he got. Just as my orgas eached its peak, I shot several loads of cum into Thor's mouth. To hi redit Thor did a decent job trying to hold it all in his mouth and swallo t, but the sheer amount had him quickly overwhelmed. After his second gul e took my throbbing member out of his mouth and coughed only to ge everal more sprays of cum directly in the face, before he managed t irect the last few shots over his shoulder instead, still managing to ge  good amount on his shirt.

"Holy..." he sputtered and spat out a bunch on the stone before looking u t me, his face, hair and shirt all spattered in gooey white liquid. " eep forgetting how much you cum." Despite his condition he grinned an ried to remove some from his cheek with his hand. Still recovering fro he blowjob, I could only look at him apologetically.

"Sorry." I said. "I haven't cum since yesterday." I slid down on the ston ext to him and kissed him on the temple only to have him playfully smear  it of my own cum on my nose. This resulted in a playful 'smear cum on th ther' fight that culminated in more kissing and petting on the sun heate tone.

"Sorry about that thing with my hand." Thor said, both of us laying hal aked on the stone, relaxing after our horseplay. He was using my belly a  pillow on, bracing himself on the sloping surface with one foot against  ower laying stone. Both of us relaxing, me recovering from the blowjob an ot really wanting to move. Him casually and unceremoniously jerkin ff. Bottomless and with his open pink Hawaiian shirt like that, he looke ike a dream boy form a dirty magazine. A dream boy that just happened t e my boyfriend. I loved watching his hand slowly and methodically workin is perfect and mostly hairless cock.

"Yea... don't be. It wasn't prepared... I didn't know you were gonna d t... I couldn't help it." I said, stating to ramble a little, and feelin he heat rise in my cheeks. Why was this so embarrassing. The boy wa iterally masturbating in my presence after having just sucked my cock, an till this was hard to talk about.

"No, I should have asked. It's just, when you said you wanted to... yo now... I assumed it was ok to, take the first step - I guess." Thor said.

"So did I." I said quickly. I didn't want him to think I'd changed m ind. "I just panicked. I couldn't help but squeeze."

"Maybe we should talk about it." Thor said. "I mean, it's a big step an t's not easy right?"

"Not as easy as I thought." I admitted. When Matt had talked about it, he' ounded like it was easy.

"I just wanna... just to be clear." Thor said, he sounded awkward an ervous.

"When you said you wanted to do it, for real. You meant fucking right?" H sked. I nodded. Even though he was facing the other way he still caught m eaning.

"When you said that." He continued still sounding like he wanted everythin n the table as judgement free as possible.

"Did you mean me doing you, or you doing me?" He asked. I knew he was jus sking to be sure. But it still felt like there was one right answer and  rong one.

"Well..." I said, suddenly unsure how to phase it. I knew what I meant whe  said it, had an image of it happening right in my head. I'd thought o he conversation I had with Matt and Andre. I'd pictured him plowing my as ike the hunk of a man he was to me. I hadn't actually considered the othe ossibility other than a passing though, before now.

"I... I don't know. Mostly you doing me... but either. I guess." I said uickly as non-committedly as I could. "That's what you thought, right?"

"It's what I thought at the time, now I'm not sure." Thor said. "Not afte hat Jacob told me. It made me realize that I might have jumped t onclusions. I didn't actually know that playing with your butt could fee ood, before he told me."

"He really is a horny bastard, isn't he?" I said, stroking my hand over hi hin, and down his chest as far as I could reach.

"Say what you will but the guy knows his body. Did you know the prostat elt so good when touched?"

"Yea, I did. I don't usually play with my ass, because it's hard to do."  aid. "I wanted to do it with you, because I trust you, but now I don' now if I can."

"Hey, don't beat yourself up. We just tried it once and you were standin n bad position. We are not in a hurry. We'll figure it out."

I leaned down and kissed him, even facing opposite ways his kisses wer till magical. I watched him for a while as he finished. His drawn ou huttering breath and his bodily contractions followed by the a few squirt f white cum hitting his chest. While a little bit of fluid was stil eaking out of his cock and he was still recovering, I took a scoop of hi uices with a finger and ate it. The salty liquid tasting like him in ever ay.

Not wanting to wear it any more we left our clothes on the rock, under  oose heavy stone so they wouldn't be taken by the wind. Thor was now onl earing his open shirt while I was going naked. This meant I got to enjo hor's muscular butt for most of the way, even though we were holding hand or most of the way. He was still faster and more agile than me. Th errain inland had turned to an unscalable cliff face that that stretche ens of meters up to what we could only assume was where the plateau wher e'd slept last night. We had to be nearing the part of the island opposit he camp. For this reason, we'd expected to find nothing here, except rock nd seawater. What we didn't expect to find however was a sudden change i he terrain the smooth boulders turned to a more even rock surface, befor nce again becoming soft white beach sand.

"We can't have circled the island already." I said and looked up th assive wall of rock that reached for the sky behind us.

"No, we definitely haven't." Thor said, laying back his head to follow m aze. Did anyone think to stand at the edge and look down here last night?"

"Are you crazy. We would have fallen to our death with he winds up there.  said. "Especially after dark, when we wouldn't be able to see anythin nyway."

"Too bad, the view would have been phenomenal. You would have been able t ake some excellent pictures." Thor said. I moved in next to him and place y hand on his well-toned butt, squeezing the hard muscle ever so gently.  till felt my heartrate spike ever so slightly, as if the gesture was  old move, even though it wasn't. The guy in question had just sucked m ock not an hour ago and nobody what here do see it.

"The pictures wouldn't have been excellent because you wouldn't be i hem." I said, in an attempt to be coy. Thor giggled and put his arm aroun e, kissing me on my hair. Walking like that was awkward but comfortable s we explored this part of the beach. The nooks and crannies of the clif ade it so there were millions of crevices and places to look around o ide secrets. We soon noticed the water that was coming from somewhere i he mountain over the beach and into the sea, creating wedge shape iniature river delta flowing between the rocks. At first, I'd thought i as just an ingress in the beach where the ocean reached further in, but a e got closer it was obviously not seawater flowing in, but mountain wate lowing out. The water was tinged with a white color, thick enough that i ade the water unclear. It was like the water was filled with minerals an ubbles, it wasn't an unclear as milk was either and had a brush of othe olors to it to when the sun hit it, like a prism. Where the water hit th cean, it flowed out into it in tendrils above the sea water before the tw ixed. This meant the mountain water had to be lighter than then seawate hich made sense. The water was misted with thin plumes of steam that ros n spirals from the surface. Not a whole lot of steam though, you coul asily miss it if you were standing further away. The water was hot erhaps even close to boiling.

"That's new." Thor commented as he got as close to the water as the loos and would let him. He knelt down and lowered his hand hovering it over th urface of the white water, before carefully probing it with a finger.

"Ah that's hot!" He said sharply and withdrew his hand.

"If there was any doubt before it's confirmed now. There is most definitel olcanic activity." I said. On a whim I took his hand and gently blew o is burned finger. When I was done, he brushed the hand over collarbone an nto my shoulder, pulling me into a kiss. A tingling went over my skin fro here his soft dick brushed against mine as we stood close together.

"We can't really cross that. We don't even know how deep it is or ho trong the current. But with the heat it's impossible. We'd have to go al he way around the other side of the island." Thor said.

"We can't do that either, I think there are more streams further down."  aid, I climbed a few of the stones that would allow a less than athleti erson to traverse them. I thought I could see another stream further down here the water was also white. The stream was only a few meters wide, an t was possible I could jump it from here, but I wasn't about to risk it specially if I could not guarantee that I could come back.

"Maybe if we go in further towards the cliff." Thor suggested. There migh e a way we can cross further in. I nodded and took point as we followe he little boiling river upstream.

We didn't get a chance to cross before we got to a point where climbing an urther would be impossible. At least without training and specialize quipment. The stream didn't narrow much, per se, but when the groun ecame rock rather than sand it was possible to get closer to the bank. I ddition, each side of the stream had half a meter of shallow water, thi eant that the water was cooler. Even though it was still almost unbearabl ot, it was possible to step into it, jump to the other side and hustle t he relativity cool stone surface free of the scalding water.

"That's where the water is coming from!" I said eagerly, pointing to  revice in the wall, where the water was flowing out of the mountain. Th revice was big enough that someone could walk in there, problem was tha ou'd have to wade through ankle deep water to do so.

Curious I made my way to the entrance and peered around the corner, Tho ight behind me, by holding on to my hand and acting as a counterweight  ould lean out and look into the cave without touching the water.  xpected to see nothing but darkness and was therefore surprised by what  aw. There was light in there, sunlight from what I could judge.

"There is a drawing in there!" I said with astonishment. What I could se as the contours of one of the remarkable pieces of wall art this islan ad.

"In there? How?" Thor said, pulling me back in. His face had traces o onfusion and doubt. Mine was filled with glee and excitement.

"I don't know, but we have to find out how to get in there!" I sai igorously.

"Are you sure of what you saw?" Thor asked.

"Positive. I wonder how we get in there." I said. "I hope we don't have t ade."

I looked around for a few minutes but didn't find anything promising inally giving up and taking a deep breath.

"I guess there is only the hard way in." I said and looked doubtfully a he milky water. With dread I quickly lowered my bare foot into th calding liquid and grimaced with pain, then I quickly skipped and jumpe orward. It must have looked hilarious for Thor to see the naked chubby bo oing the glowing ember dance into the cave.

"Nggh Arh!" I exclaimed as droplets of hot water hit my bare skin an specially when it splashed on my genitals. A series of splashes an imilar outbursts from my boyfriend told me he was right behind me. As soo s I could I leaped out of the water and down on my butt on the soft gras n the other side. I rubbed my sore red feet with my hands to alleviate th ain and breathed heavily, before I noticed the surface I'd lande n. Grass? There shouldn't be grass in a cave or this much light, shoul here? Thor was down on all fours next to me, wining and heaving.

"That was... WOAH!" He'd seen what had captured my attention.

The place was magnificent. The grotto had one face open, only blocked of t the lowest 5 meters, which had smooth rock walls, and the water entranc s the only way in that I could see. This created a room roughly twenty b wenty meters which was not completely open to the elements but allowe nough light in so that plans could grow - and grow it did. Not only wa here grass, but stalks of bamboo and small palms. Even clusters of thos eird fruits that grew on the island. Flat rocks in all shapes and size ere scattered around the place, all covered in soft grass on top. But wha ad caught my eye was the many drawings. Along the walls, boys wer ainted, all with the brownish skin of the natives we'd seen depicte arlier, and all nude with tribal markings and with different kinds o odily decorations. In one spot three boys were playing with a ball o nknown fabricate. One was soaring high over the others in a leap that onl omeone with his athletic aptitude could pull off, his long hair flowin ehind him and his freely flopping penis drawn incredibl ealistically. Further away two more boys older than the first three wer atching the game, each drinking from a fruit which had been opened at th op. Both were holding them in a manner that their nails were digging int he skin to prevent he fruit from slipping out of their grasp. A blush fel ver my face as I saw both boys each having a raging hard on, yet one wa learly talking as if they were just having a casual conversation. Other gain were hanging out, massaging each other, even washing each other i he stream despite the hot water. The most intriguing picture was one o wo boys whisked away in a corner, in the middle of a deep kiss. Eve hough that picture in particular, told us a lot more about this place tha e'd ever dream of, we didn't linger at it too much.

The most imposing picture in the scenery was the one in center on the bac all. The only adult figure in here was a man. Probably only in his earl wenties but older than anyone else here. He was painted in full fronta nd opposed to the others he seemed the only one looking directly at th iewer. His skin was light and his hair blond, as opposed to the dark hai he islanders normally had. His body was decorated like theirs, his spotte ike a deer down the side of his body, his hips and his thighs. He was lea ut still muscular and he was painted in such a way that his feet didn' ouch the ground except his right foot, which only grazed it with  oe. Even more mysterious was the set of impressive brown antlers tha rowned his forehead, his green eyes that stared directly into my soul. Hi xpression was gentle and welcoming but dominating. There was no questio e wanted us here, and wanted us to be comfortable in his presence, bu ould require us to show respect in return. My gaze wondered automaticall o his manhood. He had little and very blond pubic hair, and his cock wa assive hanging halfway to his knees, in turn his balls were heavy, and n oubt filled with his seed. It was limb, but had a hint of swollenness, a f he could go hard at any moment. His virility was unquestionable, but i ontrol. My own dick, which was swollen already from the numerous sensuall ainted boys, hardened almost instantly as I studied the man. His ra exual demeanor was enough. I felt that, even had I been straight, hi resence alone would be enough. From the looks of it, the man had the sam nfluence on Thor, who stared almost unblinkingly at the man. With him athed in the divine glow, stood a boy at about Sebastian's age, the man' ight hand resting on his hair gently. The boy had no markings on his bod nd wore no decorations, but was just there, naked next to the god. I wa ure this was a depiction of a god. The boy's hand was placed on the man' ip and he stared up at him with open admiration.

"What the hell is this place." Thor whispered. It was almost like he wa fraid to talk out loud.

"I don't know." I whispered back. "But we need to find Martin. He needs t ee this."



[Tags: Masturbation, Oral]

