Date: Fri, 23 Oct 2020 16:19:30 +000 rom: Human Man <gladly11@hotmail.com ubject: Island, Chapter 4

Hello everyone chapter four is here. People have told me they were lookin orward to Jacob's viewpoint so here it is. I hope it's everything you wer oping for.

Disclaimer: This story is free fantasy, nothing in it ever happened and al haracters are made up and do not resemble any real person, living o ead... or undead (Woo spooktober)

This story includes a whole lot of irrisposible behaviour, and I do no ondone any of it. Including but not limited to: Sexual behaviour betwee ales younger than 16 years old, underaged drinking, nudity, swearing ublic urination, leaving teenagers unsupervised on a unspecfically locate ninhabited island, pop-culture references, compleate and utter disregar or STD prevention, some stuff you really shouldn't do with a camera, an ad jokes.

I kindly remind you that I am a stranger on the internet and anything yo ead is on your own risk.

If you like this story and feel like donating, you can. Not to me, I am  epraved person who writes erotic fiction with something that vaguel esembles a plot and then jerk off to the result. No, donate to Nift nstead, cuz they are great. There is a link for that here ttp://donate.nifty.org/

Lastly, I like the idea of adding Tags to a story so people know what the an expect to jerk off to, but I also find them to often be spoiling th tory a little. With that in mind I have decided to put these at the botto f the page, so if you need tags they can be found there.



Chapter 4: Jacob - June 13th, midday



"So, I guess we just have to entertain ourselves?" Martin said, doing ou ashing of the dishes after lunch. He, Matt and I was standing in th nee-high beach water by a boulder that stood in for a table. We were jus ashing them in the ocean water. Martin had been wearing his swimmin runks since breakfast, and was furiously rubbing the plate he was standin ith using a brush.

"Well there is always the envelopes, I don't think they contain somethin ou can't get over and done with within five minutes. Plus, I think ther re a lot of things in the shed that we can entertain ourselves with." Mat aid.

"And there are the toys we brought ourselves." I exclaimed, blinking to th wo others. Matt blushed but smiled and shook his head. Marti rinned. Both got the joke, even though only Martin would get the whol dea.

"Let's just start with the envelope, when we're done here." Matt said, an ut another fork in the tray with the clean stuff.

"Aw come on." I said, not wanting to let go that easy. "A strong guy lik ou, you do it too just admit it." I nudged him with my elbow. "We ar onna be here for weeks, with no girls around, you are gonna end up wit lue balls if you act like a nun."

"That is none of your business!" Matt said way more sharply than I ha nticipated. "Keep it to yourself!" I raised both my hands in submission.

"Ok, ok chill." I said, not wanting to start a confrontation. I had a habi f going over the edge sometimes, but I knew when to back down.

We did the rest of the dishes in an awkward silence, spearheaded by Matt efore returning to camp. Matt was walking in front of Martin and I. Th wo of us trying to see who could get the other one to drop their stuff.  nded up running back to camp, with Martin following me, in a desperat ttempt to not drop my stack of plates.

Back at camp everything was peaceful.  Thor was in the middle of unpackin ot of stuff, and was currently unrolling a hammock he seemed to hav rought with him. Lars sat under a palm tree with a book and Sebastia eemed to be drawing in the sand with a stick, caught in his own world.

"What are you doing? Voodoo?" I asked Sebastian as we approached. He wa earing a white T-shirt with a Greek letter on the front, but was nake rom the waist down, his little dark cock dangling freely around in the su nder the rim of the t-shirt. Apparently, he liked being naked too. Marti ave me a slap over the neck.

"That is racist, dude." Martin said in a low hissing voice.

"It's a magic circle." Seb said. As if it was the most natural thing in th orld. "This one is for summoning, I think." He didn't seem to notice o are about the remark.

"Why, would you do that?" I asked. "Do you believe in that stuff?"

"I don't know, Maybe a little. This is just a thing from my role-playin ooks. I was just bored." He said, tossing the stick aside and lookin way.

"Well we are going to open the envelope now." Matt said. He had found th ne with the right date on it. "Thor and Lars, are you coming?" He aske he two boys.

"Yea sure." Thor said, as the two of them approached. Both of them wher ully dressed in bathing shorts, with a t-shirt and a Hawaiian shir espectively.

The envelope was A4 sized and thick, like there was more than just paper i t. Matt carefully stuck his finger under that flap and opened it. He dre ut a folded letter, a notebook and two pens.

"What's that for?" Sebastian asked curiously, before Matt even had th hance of reading the letter. He started reading aloud.



Dear group 6.

As it is your fist day we will start with the basics. You will be give asks through these letters as well as information, you will need. Firs hings first. You have been given a notebook with this letter. Write you ames on it, and use it as a diary, accounting for every day you have spen ere.

Second thing. The Island you will inhabit for the next few weeks you, wer reviously inhabited by a tribe of indigenous people who moved from Islan o Island. They have long since disappeared but the Island stil emember. There are lots of signs of the tribe still here, some of the bvious, some hidden. Find as many as you can, and write them down in th iary. The more things you find, the more points you get in the end. Ther ill be bonus points, if you find something, no other group has foun efore.

That is all for today, good luck.



"Seriously?" Lars asked, with an exhausted expression and snatched th etter out of Matt's hand, reading it himself. "I thought we would be doin omething interesting. This is just a school assignment."

"Well that is what it says." Matt said. "It does sound somewha nteresting."

"No, it sounds stupid. They can make me stay here, but I'm not going t alk around looking for old crap. " Lars said.

"Then don't." I said. "I'm gonna go look, it sounds fun."

"Yea me to." Martin agreed. Matt and Sebastian nodded.

"I'm staying too. Thor Said. "It's too hot now, maybe later." The two o hem went back to what they were doing.

"So how are we doing this?" Martin asked.

"Do we start with the coast or the forest?" Matt asked.

"How about this, we split up. Martin and I take the coast and you star ith the forest. That way we can cover more ground?" I suggested.

"Alright." Matt said. "Good luck."



Martin and I started walking, no one being in a hurry. I felt I had made  ood choice with the beach. We wouldn't have shade, but we had a coo reeze and the possibility of dibbing our toes.

"So..."I said breaking the silence. "You never told me where you live. ast time we had been alone we had been more than a little tipsy. Eve hough I had no problem, I could feel that Martin had some regrets fro esterday.

"I live in Toronto." Martin said. "You?"

"That's not far away from me, I'm from Detroit." I said. "It's just acros he border, I knew there was something Canadian about you. You pla ockey?"

"Can you go 2 minutes without blasting a stereotype in someone's face?" H sked with false indignation. "And yes... of cause I play hockey... Buddy e both laughed. The barrier of shyness was broken once more. As we kep alking, I put my arm around his neck walking next to him. Sharing a fe okes and personal stories.

As we continued walking, the terrain got rockier than it had bee efore. Large boulders were scattered everywhere. Soon we had to clim ather than walk, in order to get any further. Martin climbed firs ecause. He said it was because he didn't want to look up my ass while w limbed. I just grinned and did a mocking dramatic gesture.

"Ladies fist." I said. He flicked me on the nose and started climbing.  idn't complain. It turned out that when he climbed first, I coul ometimes get a glimpse up the leg of his bathing shorts, seeing hi ice-looking dick from below. I started getting the feeling I had ha efore. I wasn't sure what I was feeling but I knew that I liked what  aw. I could feel my dick twitching and get harder as we ascended and eve f I had wanted to there was nothing to do about it.

Suddenly almost near the top I saw a path wide enough so that I could ge ast him. I smiled slyly and started speed climbing around him.

"Hey!" He said, obviously surprised but I just grinned a im. Unfortunately, he had closed his eyes to avoid the small stones an irt that fell down as a result of my reckless climbing. When I reached th op, I jumped on top of a bolder and stood there in a pose like Hercule hat had just defeated a foe. With my hands at my hips and with my erec ick proudly presented. Some people would have been embarrassed abou aving an erection, but I had always been stubbornly impossible t mbarrass. It was a useless emotion.

"Getting horny?" He asked with a grin.

"I'm always horny... Hey look!" I said. I had seen something from m levated position, I hadn't noticed. We were standing on an almost fla latform of rock so smooth it was unbelievable, it had large grove in th iddle and smooth rocks all around. Next to us was a large wall of smoot ock that was painted. It looked like the painting was old, very old. I epicted stunningly detailed pictures of humans. The drawing was about 1 oys, it was easy to tell that it was boys as all where depicted naked, an tanding shoulder to shoulder all gazing upon one woman standing in th iddle. The boys had clearly defined penises and the women and equall efined breasts and body. Some of the boys where even depicted with har icks, as if affected by the beauty of this mysterious woman. There wa omething exalted and divine over this woman, depicted with drawings an arkings all over her skin. Either covered in tattoos or painted i xquisite tribal fashion. At closer inspection some, or maybe all of, th oys had similar markings somewhere on their bodies.

"Wow!" we both said in unison. The paintings where so perfectly painted hat I swore I would be able to identify these people, if I saw them i eal life. Almost unwarily I started stroking myself, I was already horny ut that picture was so erotic I couldn't help myself.

"What are you doing?" Martin asked.

"I told you I was horny, are you joining me?" I retorted. I could see tha e was also hard, because of the bulge in his shorts. He looked at me ooking like he was deciding, then he shrugged and pulled down hi horts. It wasn't a big deal, we were fapping-buddies after all.

Immediately his rock-hard dick, sprang out and was throbbing wit orniness.  He started masturbating slowly while just standing next to me ooking fascinated on the painting.

"What do you think they are doing?" I asked.

"What do you mean? Isn't it obvious?" Martin said, like I was stupid. "The re doing the same thing we are doing, having a circle jerk." I looked a im skeptically.

"A circle jerk? You think?" I asked. It seemed like a little farfetched.  ooked at the picture again, but the more I looked at it, the more it mad ense. Then I saw one of the boys, a cute guy, one of the shorter ones wit nly a hint of pubic hair. He had closed eyes and a twisted facia xpression. Out of his erect dick was a barely visible white squirt of cu hooting towards the woman. Once I had seen that, I could also see the jus arely visible dribble of white, glassy liquid from the penises of some o he boys who were flaccid.

"You are right, wow." I said. "Then who is the lady?"

"I don't know, she might be a goddess or a tribal lady. I'm thinkin oddess. You can see she is painted differently than the others. Her fee re not touching the ground." He took a breath he was feeling the effect o is now faster and more furious masturbation. I myself had sped up m anking without even noticing.

"I think they might be offing their sperm to her, like a ritual o omething." Martin said. "You see that groove; I think they might have sho hey're cum into that. But that is just a guess."

I looked down following his finger. True enough there was a smooth crack i he stone which had been smoothed and widened out by time, a tiny crevass hich a person with a dirty mind – so, me – could easily say looke ike a vagina.

Martin was breathing harder now, staring intently at the cock of one of th aller erect boys. I could feel that I was just about to cum. The sight o im, the painting and the atmosphere was enough to make any teen cu uickly.

"Then why don't we offer her ours as well." I said. The last word came ou s I peeked and came violently. I fell down on one knee as a powerfu rgasm shot through my body like a jolt of electricity, followed by a les owerful one. A load of thick globular cum shot from my dick, like nothin  had ever produced before, followed by at least eight more shots. Spurre n by the moment I held back the foreskin to better control the aim an ngled my cock so that the shot was aimed down into the groove in th tone. I didn't quite know why other than it was a whimsical thing to d ased on Martin's suggestion.

Martin was not long behind me. He moaned loudly as he came leaning his hea ackwards, pointing his dick into the small crevasse. His ejaculation wa t least as powerful as mine but less precise, because he was stil tanding.

After our orgasms had subsided, we both sat on our bare butts on the smoot arm stone. Sperm was still dripping from my now flaccid dick, onto th tone surface. I felt satisfied in more than one way. I felt like I had no nly gotten a powerful orgasm, but also a new and unfamiliar feeling o ulfilling a spiritual need, and paid respect to an ancient culture, whic  had never thought of as something that could feel good. Back home I had  ery religious family, a fact that I had always hated and my animosit owards mainstream religion was no secret.

"How do you know so much about art?" I asked.

"I have an art teacher who really like this sort of tribal art." He said " hould take a picture and give it to her; she will love it... But not wit ur cum in it of cause." We both giggled. "I just can't believe that som ld culture would really paint this." I said. "I mean, I've jerked off wit thers before, but only - like - two or three guys. There are more than te uys here. None of them seem the least bit shy."

"Ancient cultures weren't always as prudish as western culture is. This wa robably not taboo in their culture" Martin said, he was sitting with hi ack against one of the boulders and looked completely relaxed, legs sprea nd his semi hard dick releasing a single viscous drop of residual cum ont he ground. It reminded me of how my parents discouraged masturbation. M ad had told me not to do it, because it was evil to spill your semen o he ground.

'Fuck you dad.' I thought by myself. If this was really a religious act i his culture, then it was the fuck of a lot better than the one I had grow p with. I crawled over to the small, smooth grove in the ground and looke nto it. Seeing Martins sperm mixed with mine, running down the sides o he smooth concave shape and into the bottom

"Look there is a hole in the groove, our cum is running down there."  aid. Having just spotted it. I looked up at Martin, who came over an ooked down. It felt right.

"That is some powerful symbolism right there." He said. I didn't sa nything, but I just carefully and silently grabbed his hand, whil atching the cum soak into the ground. Martin didn't retract his hand an losed his fingers around mine. The simple touch made me feel good in  ifferent sort of way.

After a long time of contemplating what we had just found and done, Marti icked up his shorts, but didn't put them on as we started walkin ack. When we came back there where no one else in the camp but us. Marti hrew his shorts into the tent and sat down next to me as we enjoyed th unset.

"You're not gonna wear them?" I asked.

"I don't think we are supposed to be wearing any clothing here. This is  ysterious and, in some way, sacred place, I can feel it." He answered wit  dreamlike none in his voice.

"I'm a little torn, should we tell the others about it, I mean it's a bi n the naughty side." He asked. "I think maybe we shouldn't, on the othe ands, the others are bound to find it at some point and I would rather ge he credit for it, maybe we wait a few days to make the decision?"

"Alright." I said. Not really seeing the point in not telling, bu ompletely fine with having a place where we could go and mess around wit ree porn on the walls. I personally wouldn't have a problem with jackin ff at camp no matter who might see me, but I also wasn't stupid. I kne ull well that the others wouldn't like it and I didn't have any urge to b vertly exhibitionistic either.

After that we more or less just enjoyed the sunset and each other compan n silence. Having an open-minded jerk-off-buddy was awesome. I wa tarting to feel like being on this island could become the mos nteresting thing I had ever done in my life.

