Date: Sat, 17 Oct 2020 10:55:51 +000 rom: Human Man <gladly11@hotmail.com ubject: Island, Chapter 2

Hi, got some positive messages about the first chapter and I reall ppriciate it so here is the second one. In this story I shift perspectiv  lot because... I want to.

Disclaimer: This story is free fantasy, nothing in it ever happened and al haracters are made up and do not resemble any real person, living or dead.

This story includes a whole lot of irrisposible behaviour, and I do no ondone any of it. Including but not limited to: Sexual behaviour betwee ales younger than 16 years old, underaged drinking, nudity, swearing ublic urination, leaving teenagers unsupervised on a unspecfically locate ninhabited island, pop-culture references, and bad jokes.

I kindly remind you that I am a stranger on the internet and anything yo ead is on your own risk.

If you like this story and feel like donating, you can. Not to me, I am  epraved person who writes erotic fiction with something that vaguel esembles a plot and then jerk off to the result. No, donate to Nift nstead, cuz they are great. There is a link for that here ttp://donate.nifty.org/

Lastly, I like the idea of adding Tags to a story so people know what the an expect to jerk off to, but I also find them to often be spoiling th tory a little. With that in mind I have decided to put these at the botto f the page, so if you need tags they can be found there.


Chapter 2: Sebastian - June 13th, Night

I woke up very quickly with a jolt of adrenalin. As so many times before,  ad felt like I was falling only to wake up a nanosecond before hitting th round. I gasped and blinked rapidly in the dark tent, still calmin own. This happened almost every night so I was not surprised, my head wa till spinning, and my mouth tasted a little weird, but I could think sor f clearly and I didn't have any nausea. The next thing I noticed was m ladder that felt like it was about to explode. The screen on my phon hich hadn't run out of power yet, showed me that it was 3:22 am. I sat u nd crawled carefully out of the tent and out into the night air. The rai ad stopped but the sand was still moist, even though the breeze wa arm. On light feet I hustled to the tree line where I went to pull down m ndies, only to discover that I wasn't wearing any. It was only now  ealized that I was still naked after having gone to bed like this. Fo alf a second, I panicked over being exposed, I considered running back an utting something on. But since no one else was awake and that everyone ha lready seen me naked last night. Besides it felt like an iron fist ha lamped on to my guts and I had to relieve myself right now. I starte eeing and felt the relief that followed. A gust of wind hit me from behin nd I relished how awesome the fresh air felt ageist my naked body. All th ormal limits felt like they were gone with the wind. The rule that I ha o where clothes outside was gone from my mind as soon as I had decided i idn't matter and all the rest of my indoctrinated manners could also g way for a moment. I didn't even hold on to my dick while peeing like I ha lways been instructed to. Out here there were no reason to.

Once I had relieved myself, I felt 2 lbs. lighter and wide awake. I didn' ant to disconnect from my primal side just yet, so I thought I would tak  short walk. Just to have a minute to myself, which I seldom had bac ome. With a mother that didn't work and a younger brother whom I had t hare a bedroom with I had very little time alone with my own thoughts. I as like everybody at home thought that if they left me alone for more tha en minutes, something horrible would happen.

I started walking between the stalks of tall green bamboo, never at eve hinking that exploring this place alone at night might not be the bes dea. Besides, I had been in the scouts ever since I could walk so,  elieved I could handle a small island bamboo forest. The sounds of the se essened and got replaced by the sounds of birds and other animals. At on oint I would have sworn I heard some kind of monkey scream. Quickly m rain started making up one of my fantasies. I was the type of boy had som erdy friends back home and mostly bend my neck, reading a lot of books an omics, and spend the rest of my time dreaming myself somewhere else. As  esult, my everyday walk to school could become a dangerous journey throug  post-apocalyptic world, where I had to avoid bandits or zombies, my gy lass could become a dojo training its students to be assassins. All thi ook place in my head without showing the rest of the world what I wa hinking off. But today the fantasy could become even more real. I bega magining I was a stone age Cro-Magnon boy out hunting, naked in th ild. I broke off a bamboo stick that I imagined to be a spear and fuzze y hair to make me look wild. I had even considered painting my face wit ome mud to make me look more primitive when I heard something weird.  craping sound that sounded pretty close by. As the curious little hunter  had imagined myself to be, I snuck forward with my 'spear' in raised.

I arrived at a small clearing in the forest, barely 30 ft. across. In th iddle of this clearing was a large flat rock large enough that someon ould lay on top of it. I came to think of a sacrificial alter. When I sa t, my jaw dropped almost to the ground. On top of the rock sat Matt are-chested, bathed in moonlight, with one knee bend with the foot restin n the rock and the other one on the ground. I was beginning to think tha his might had been a dream. I was sure that Matt had been in our tent whe  had left it to go pee. But now that I thought about it, I had actuall ot seen him there, just assumed he was there. I had been in such a hurr hat I might as well have missed him. Matt had not seen me, since hi oncentration was directed at carving the end of a stick with a knife. I as about a foot long and as thick as his thumb. I was about to step out o y hiding place to ask what he was doing out here but then I saw that h as not just bare-chested, he was full on naked like I was. The underwear  pair of boxers, he had worn when we went to bed, was now hanging from  ranch near me. Though, because of the way he had his leg, I could not se is junk. The moonlight and the setting made him look less like a human an ore like some sort of sylvan fey creature, with his blond hair and smoot hest. In difference to me Matt was nearing the point where he had the bod f a man rather than a boy. Even though he had a small amount of body fat is arms, chest, stomach and legs had defined bulging muscles. Mesmerized  as almost on my toes to catch glimpse of his dick, only faintly aware tha y own dick was already rock hard. When hard I still only had a few inche o work with. My dick would bend upwards and slightly to the left. I didn' ave to struggle for long before Matt unwittingly showed me what I wante o see as he slit his food down to the ground and let a finger run over th ip of the stick to check how smooth it was. What I saw was much more tha  had excepted. By my standard Matt's cock was huge. His dick both lon hick and hard pointing up into the air. The foreskin had peeled bac ompletely, exposing a red head that looked to be glistening with liquid.  ig bunch of blond hair covered the root and halfway up to his navel. Hi all hung low and heavy, resting on the rock he sat on.

As I looked, he started stroking himself lightly, on his massive cock whil aying back down on the rock with both knees bend, and feet planted on th ock. I could not believe that he was masturbating right here, and that  here secretly watching him. I never really masturbated much myself, sinc  never really had any good opportunities to do so. Only once in a whil hen in the shower or under the covers of my bed, when my younger brothe as asleep, I could sneak my hand down my pajama bottoms and rub myself nd usually get a good feeling in my body while oozing small amount o perm.

This was something completely different. Matt had a tight grip of his dic ith his whole hand moving it slowly up and down, continuously sliding th oreskin over and away from the head. He was lying with his head facin way from me, which meant I could look directly in between his spread legs nd see everything from below. Almost unconsciously I started doing what h as doing. I grabbed around my dick and started stroking myself, like h as doing. I had never done it this way before and I could already feel ho his was a hundred times better than the shy massaging I was used to. Mat as breathing heavily and now I got to see what the stick was for. With hi eft hand he moved it down towards his dick and balls, while simultaneousl ifting both his legs and spreading them even further. With a bit o nticipation, I stopped jerking as I could now see Matt's brown hol learly between his butt cheeks, watching it open and close again an gain. Matt put the smooth end of the stick ageist the hole and slowl ushed it in.

"HUUUUUUUHHH!" He moaned as the stick went deeper and deeper inside him.  as truly fascinated with what I saw. I started vigorously tugging my dic t the sight of Matt pleasuring himself like this. With his left hand h tarted moving the stick back and forth inside his ass, while lightl assaging his balls with his right hand, not touching his dick at al nymore. I could both hear and feel the pleasure building up inside bot att and myself then suddenly Matt climaxed with, what I could onl escribe as a roar of intense pleasure. His dick started shooting a shinin ooey liquid straight up into the air landing on his chest and face and al ver the flat rock. He shot at least eight times, but I didn't get to coun hem all, for suddenly I what Matt had just felt.

My own orgasm was much more intense than I had ever tried before. Eruptin rom the tip of my dick to everywhere in my body, my muscles started t pasm, my toes curl up and my eyes clench shot. I let out a hushed moan an elt something warm and liquid force its way out of my dick, whether  anted it to or not. The orgasm was so powerful and so surprising that  ost balance, stumbling forward and landing on my hands and knees, shootin y second load of clear sperm directly onto the forest earth.

As soon as I had control over myself again, I jumped to my feet and looke t Matt. He had pulled out the stick and just sat on the rock with i lenched in one hand while looking at me, with an almost terrifie xpression, open mouth and wide eyes. I had no idea what to say, I wa lmost paralyzed from fear.

"I'm sorry..." I managed to say. I could feel the tears coming on. What wa e going to do, now that I had seen him do this?

"I didn't mean to see you... I had to pee and then I walked around... An hen I saw you and..." I said incoherently and while sobbing. Matt onl esitated for a second, before quickly getting up from his seat and rushin ver to me, tossing the stick into the forest on the way.

"Hey-hey-hey... calm down." He said quickly. I had expected him to hit m r something, but instead he just embraced me, trying to comfort me. Sinc is chest was covered with his own sperm, he just bent in over me an ugging me with as little skin contact as possible.

"It's ok, it's my fault." He said, letting go of me. "I didn't think anyon ould find me out here at this time. Come sit down."

He led me to the stone where we sat down next to each other, where I took  ew minutes calming down.

"I'm really sorry." I said again. "I should have gone when I realized wha ou were doing."

"Hey don't worry about it. You just got curious. Hell, if you had been som f my friends at home, you would properly have filmed me or something."

"It's not just that. You see, I've never really done it myself... you know ike never REALLY done it. And I've never seen anyone do it before."  aid. I found it hard to look at him.

"Hey you looked like a pro to me." He said encouragingly. "It's easy, a ou probably discovered."

"Yea..." I said. "...Also, I was surprised how big your dick is. I mean yo re only three years older than me. Can I see it again?" My natura uriosity had returned full force. It turned out that the before s ecluded Matt was very open when you got under the outer shell.

"Sure, why not." He said and stood up and placed himself in front o e. When I was sitting down on the rock his dick and balls where on leve ith my face. His dick was now soft and hang heavily down next to hi alls. His chest was still glittering with a glaze of his own cum.

"Wow." I said. "Can I touch it?"

"Why not." Matt said.

I reached out and took it in my hand, feeling it weight. It was exactly a eavy as expected it to be, and very warm. I could feel his heartbea hough it. I also cupped his balls and felt them up, as well as letting m ingers run though his pubic hair. Matt gasped a little every time  ouched it, and I could feel his dick reacting to my touch.

"You ticklish?" I asked and tickled him on his balls which made him cring nd withdraw.

"Yea, everyone is ticklish on their balls." He said smiling shyly.

"Do you think I'll ever be as big as you?" I asked.

"Sure you will, especially if the stereotype is any indication. Since yo re black and all." He said jokingly. "Let me have a look."

I nodded and quickly stood up, my dick was halfway hard and throbbe round, but it didn't seem to bother Matt. When I was standing on the roc y dick was almost at eyelevel with him. He gently took it in his hand an ooked around it and under it, also tugging a little at my balls.  huttered and said.

"Hey, that tickles." I said laughingly.

"Told you." He said and grinned. "Yep you are definitely growing.  ctually think you are getting pubic hair; I can see some starting here. H aid and touched right where my dick met my crotch."

"Awesome, then I might be the first in my class." I said. No one had gotte air down there yet, as far as I had seen in gym class. He then pealed bac y foreskin to look at the head, when he touched it, I could feel just ho ensitive that skin was.

When Matt was done with his inspection, he said.

"We better head back. Then we can catch a few hours of sleep befor unrise."

I jumped down, nodding. I was getting really tired by now, and had  eeling I could sleep for days. Matt took his underwear and dried his ches ff with them, while we walked back.

"How does it feel to have sex." I asked on our way back. Matt was silen or a few seconds before answering.

"Eeh, I don't know. I have never tried it." He said.

"Really?!." I said surprised. "I thought you were the kind of guy all th irls wanted. I know I would if I were a girl."

"Yea you see..." Matt said. I had a feeling he was blushing, even though  ouldn't see it. "Since we are being honest, I'm not into girls, I'm gay.  hought that was obvious given my... stick."

"Oh cool." I said. I hadn't even drawn that parallel, but when he said it t sounded obvious. "I've never met a gay person."

"You have now." Matt said and shrugged. "But only a few of my friends know nd a few people in my family." He seemed uncomfortable about the las art.

We were silent for a moment before I asked what I had wanted to asked hi ince we had masturbated.

"Does that really feel good?" I asked. "I mean putting something up you ss?"

"Yea it does." Matt said, smiling at me. "Men have a sensitive spot u here that can make you cum, just like playing with your dick. Personally  like it better with my ass than with my dick, but that is persona reference. You can try putting a finger up there one day, if you ar omfortable with it."

"Ok." I said awkwardly. Both a little scared but also very curious.

When we came back to the camp we listed back into our tent and closed up efore laying down.

Matt put an arm around me and kissed my hair.

"Good night." He said, but I had already fallen asleep, exhausted.

[Tags: T/T, voyeurism, masturbation, anal masturbation]

