Date: Wed, 3 Feb 2021 16:16:47 +000 rom: Human Man <gladly11@hotmail.com ubject: Island, Chapter 25

Hello Everybody. The new chapter is finally here. I just love hearing fro ou, which parts of the story is your favorites. I do my best to reply t ll emails, but sometimes your message ends up in my spam folder which get eleted if I haven't checked it in ten days, so if I haven't replied t ou, that is probably the reason. Anyway, enjoy.


Disclaimer: This story is free fantasy, nothing in it ever happened and al haracters are made up and do not resemble any real person, living or dead.

This story includes a whole lot of irrisposible behaviour, and I do no ondone any of it. Including but not limited to: Sexual behaviour betwee ales younger than 16 years old, underaged drinking, nudity, swearing ublic urination, leaving teenagers unsupervised on a unspecfically locate ninhabited island, pop-culture references, compleate and utter disregar or STD prevention, some stuff you really shouldn't do with a camera ating or otherwise inserting into yourself unfamiliar fruits you find i ature, an (at this point) unhealthily lax attitude towards hyginge unning around a dark deserted island in the middle of the night, sexua olestation of artwork, and bad jokes... also no social distancing.

I kindly remind you that I am a stranger on the internet and anything yo ead is at your own risk.

If you like this story and feel like donating, you can. Not to me, I am  epraved person who writes erotic fiction with something that vaguel esembles a plot and then jerk off to the result. No, donate to Nift nstead, cuz they are great. There is a link for that here ttp://donate.nifty.org/

Lastly, I like the idea of adding Tags to a story so people know what the an expect to jerk off to, but I also find them to often be spoiling th tory a little. With that in mind I have decided to put these at the botto f the page, so if you need tags they can be found there.


Chapter 25: Andre -- June 18th, Late evening

The water was exceptionally soothing today, as today had been exceptionall ot. It wasn't so much due to the weather as it was due to Matt, Jake ebastian and I spending our day at a hot spring on a day that was alread ot in the sun on an island in the tropics.

All the more fun to roughhouse in the sea, especially when you were far th iggest boy there, in terms of muscle. Thor who was my only real rival o he island in that regard had gone with Lars to sleep, presumably in thei ent, and Matt had fallen asleep in the hammock long before we even reache he beach. After a quick dip Martin, who wasn't nearly as big as any of th reviously mentioned, in the muscle department anyway, had also disappeare owards camp. We had a lot of fun with me picking up the remaining thre nd throwing them back in the water. All of us were skinny dipping o ause, except for Jake who wore nothing but a T-shirt which still left hi ick flopping around in semi view. It was only when the sun was completel one and the world becoming so dark it was difficult to tell one naked bo rom another that our horseplay turned into calm bathing. Jake and Jaco hom had gotten tired first were sitting in the water together and looke o be talking but I paid them no mind as Seb was still active enough that  ad to keep on my wits about me. He had to compensate for his smalle tature by splashing water in my eyes and, of all things, grabbing for m unk, to get an advantage so I had to be on my toes. Despite the wate lowing him down he was still surprisingly quick, and a naked wet body wa lippery with few good handholds except the obvious.

While grabbing him by the cock was not over the line for me, not anymore a east, I still didn't want to hurt him. Instead, I made use of my superio ize to snare both arms around his waist and lift him as far out of th ater as I could. His howling and flailing were almost comical as th maller boy fought to get free. I did my best not to use my nails, whic ad grown out a little more than usual doing my week of first staying o he other island, then on this one. This resulted in me trying keep a hol f Seb's shoulder which somehow flipped him so that his head was upsid own, just clear of the waterline. I had to work preventing his flailin nee from making contact with my skull and knew I had to let him go soon i  didn't want to dislocate something. A deviant thought shot through m ead as I looked directly down into Seb's small but longish dick and ball hich were flopping around just under my nose. In a strange sense o eclaring my victory and dominance I inhaled, lowered my mouth directl nto his soft, tight nut sack and blew a raspberry on it. It didn't reall ork as far as making noise, but had the desired effect of Seb squallin ike a pig and jerking around violently with the unfamiliar sensation.

"That tickles!" He squealed just before he fell in the water and got hi ead under, drowning out his words. I waited for him to come back up onl o get a jet of saltwater sprayed in my face from his mouth.



"That tickled you cheater." He repeated as I recoiled which gave him  hance to push off and swim out further away from my reach.



"You liked it." I said teasingly letting myself sink further back into th ater feeling the ocean surround my naked body once again. Skinny-dippin eally was the best.



"I don't know of any great heroes who gets defeated by someone tickling hi alls with their mouth." Sebastian said, softly enough to make sure h asn't heard by the two on the beach but given that I couldn't hear thei onversation I thought it was safe to assume they couldn't hear us. I hope hat Jacob hadn't noticed what I'd done. Jacob was cool but I wasn't sure  anted him to know about that. The impression of Seb's soft balls on m ibs and where his dick had touched my chin, lingered oddly on my skin.



"I should tell Sylvis that I found Gorm's weak spot." I said deviously an ucked my head halfway under the surface like a crocodile, moving slowl owards him. I did my best to reference the game he and Jake played wit ach other, even if I didn't quite get it, or understand what they wer aying.



"No!" Seb said putting on Gorm's accent and playfully actin orrified. "It's the Dark Lord Monso! Disguised as a humble bard, he know y secret!"



"A humble what?" I asked, rising just enough so I could speak, unsure i 'd heard him right with my head half underwater. I was pretty sure I ha eard the name Monso being used as an imaginary villain in their games a ome point or another.



"A bard." He said. "It's a guy who use magic by playing music."

I'd never heard of that, but the idea made sense.



"Yes." I said in an evil voice. "I shall sing you into enchanted sleep an idnap you, not even Sylvis can save you then." I said trying my best t lay along. I'd no idea if what I said made sense, but it sounded right an eb seemed to follow along.



"Your evil plan will never work." He said. "We will stop you!"



"But you friend cannot help you. Sylvis is in the clutches o he... uh... demon." I said, thinking quickly. "And I know how to defea ou!" I got in closer, moving my hand up between his legs and grabbed hi alls, loosely so it wouldn't hurt him but hard enough so he could fee t. I was quite enjoying this. I had never in my life played a fantasy bor ame or even thought about how it was played. But like always when you ar n holiday you get the idea to try new things because you are depraved o our normal routine. Right now the idea of trying it out sounded enticing.

Playfully I fiddled with the little balls inside the sack and noted th mpressive speed which the younger boy could bone up.



"Noooo! My strength!" Seb, or rather Gorm, said in a drawn-out hushed shou f defeat. He let himself fall backward giving me a view of his lon rection before breaking into laughter.



"This is kinda fun." I said grinning at the exaggerated death throws Se as acting out. "You and Jake do this a lot."



"Yea. I know it's childish, but we can be ourselves around each other whe e're being someone else. When Jake is Sylvis, he is much mor dventurous."



"Cool." The more Seb described it the less childish it sounded, even if  ouldn't imagine a grown adult do it with his friends. Then again, som eople did take that stuff into the bedroom. This prompted my nex uestion.



"Do you do it when you..." I trailed off a little. I wasn't above askin irect questions but with Sebastian and Jake it was somehow wrong to sa fuck'. The thought of the two of them together was too sweet and cute t all it fucking. "... fool around." Was the phrasing I landed on.



"Yea sometimes." Sebastian said after a few loaded moments where he caugh y meaning. His voice was conspiratorially low as he paddled around a fe eet from where I was squatting.



"Sometimes it's just him and me playing around and touching each other, bu t other times we are Gorm and Sylvis making love, as Sylvis calls it. Th wo of them are betrothed." He continued.



"Betrothed." I repeated, playing with the unfamiliar word in my mouth.  new what it meant of cause but I don't think I'd ever used it.



"So is Sylvis a girl?" I asked. The question was silly, but the name didn' ound very masculine. Oddly enough it took Seb a few moments before h nswered, as if he was thinking about it.



"No. Sylvis is a boy." Seb said he lowered his voice a little bit furthe s if what he was about to admit something mildly embarrassing. "But he i n elf and a wizard so there was this one time where he changed hi oy-parts into girl-parts so they could... you know." I felt myself blush  ittle at the idea. As someone who had previously thought mysel eterosexual but had gotten wiser very quickly after coming to this island o the idea intrigued me.



"That's sounds naughty." I said grinning and flicking my eyebrows at him.



"Yea." The embarrassment of sharing his and Jakes mutual fantasies wa etting to him, but I was determined not to make him ashamed about it.



"How did you... reenact it." I asked my cock was rock hard at the menta mage of the two of them locked in intimate missionary. I knew the two o hem hadn't done any anal stuff with each other.



"We haven't... yet." He confessed. "Jake suggested it because Sylvis ather, who is a nobleman, doesn't want him to marry Gorm not just becaus e is a man, but because he is a human and because he is a lowborn.



"I get the picture." I said. I didn't really but while I was interested i nowing about their games, I didn't need the full backstory. "Sounds lik ou have a fun thing going on. But you remember what Matt said about doin t in the..."



"Not like that." Seb said. "Jake and I we do this thing where we..." H esitated once again embarrassed to say it out loud. He lowered his voic lmost to a whisper and said.



"We put our dicks inside each other."



"What?" I asked.



"Sometimes when we're playing around, he puts his dick inside mine and  ut mine around his." Sebastian said still hushed as if he was afraid th ish would hear him.



"You are going to have to explain that." I said. "How do you put dick nside each other?"



"I can show you real quick." He said, looking over my shoulder at th each. You could barely see the silhouette of Jake and Jacob sitting there alking. Then he moved closer to me and took hold of my cock with his sof mall fingers. Reminded that it had been only six hours or so, since I ha ad two fingers up inside Seb's hole fingering him until he came, I wa till unprepared for this sudden advance but didn't fight it. Sitting i he water he rolled my foreskin back and placed his equally skinned dic gainst mine which send a rush of sensation through my spine that I wasn' eady for. I placed my hand on his ass to steady him out of reflex while h iddled around with a facial expression that told me that what he was doin asn't as easy as he had expected.



"Ok so, what we do is I roll his foreskin over my head." I could feel hi ry to drag his foreskin over my cock head but having a hard time o t. "But yours is too big."

He then took a hold of my foreskin with two fingers and slid it down ove oth cockheads sort of locking us together. I huffed as the horny feelin f sensitive dickheads grinding against each other rushed through my body.



"Maybe... we shouldn't be... doing this." I said trying to control m peech through the little spasms that went through my body. Carefully and  ittle reluctantly I unrolled my foreskin and released the penises fro ach other.



"You and Jake are boyfriends. I don't want to do something to jeopardiz hat. I have some really bad experiences with that."



"It's not like that at all." Seb said quickly. "Jake already told you idn't he? He and I share something special, but he loves you too. Yo hare something with Matt, but that doesn't mean you and Jake love eac ther any less. You are special to him."



"Alright then." I said. "I just feel bad about what we did earlier.  hould have made sure he was ok with it first."



"I wouldn't have let you do it if I thought Jake wouldn't like it. I loo orward to trying that thing you did on him." He grinned. I smirked too.



"You two might be the youngest here but you are probably the most matur ouple I have ever met." I said.



"He got all red-faced and hard when I described what you did." Se aid. "He said he didn't know that this prostate thing existed before yo old him about it."



"Yea, Matt really knows his butt stuff." I said. "You know the thing I di o you? He showed me where my prostate was the exact same way. Before tha  thought that when gays fucked each other, it was only the guy fucking wh as enjoying it and that they would take turns."



"I didn't know that either." Seb said. "But when I did that with Matt, h eally looked like he enjoyed it. Now I know why."



"Yea, makes ya' think... right?" I said. There was a short, loaded silence.



"Are you gonna go through with it?" He asked. I knew what he meant. Th ager I'd made with my new fuck buddy had been gnawing at me silently i he background since we'd made it.



"Nah." I said evasively. "I think I will just let him win this one." I ha otten very cold feet regarding Matt fucking me. When he'd fingered me, i ad been different. His fingers weren't that wide and he'd been gentle, bu ven so it had been just below what I knew I could handle. Any bigger and  ould expect pain or possibly just too much resistance for anything to ge n. Matt's cock was enormous and there was no way that was ever going t it in me.



"Really?" Seb said. "You want to be his jester for an entire day?"



"No but I don't think I can take him. You've seen the size of hi ock. You'd have to be a grade A porn-star to pull that off."



"That's too bad. I was looking forward to having him be naked with the res f us." Seb said.



"Yea." I said dreamily. Just the idea of Matt's white ass bouncing aroun verywhere made my balls tickle with anticipation. I really was becoming  ucker for boy flesh.



"I think I know something that might help." Sebastian said suddenly.



"What?" I asked. Curious and a little weary.



"I don't know if it will work, but you aren't usually the type to give u ithout a fight, right?" He asked there was a hint of Gorm in his voic hich made me unsure of his intentions.



"No." I said a little usure.



"Then come take a walk with me. I think there is something we can do." H aid.





Five minutes later Seb was walking in front of me. His little brown as ouncing happily as we tracked down the beach. He'd run into camp an ooked for the electric lamp we used, but hadn't been able to find it fo ome reason. Instead, he'd taken a spare, much older and dimmer one fro he shed. It's a good thing he found it, otherwise it would be too dark t ee anything. Especially when he turned and took an almost invisible trac nto the forest where the light from the lantern sent dancing shadow cross the forest.

"Are you gonna tell me what the fuck you are up to?" I asked. Given th alk we'd had I wasn't exactly feeling comforted by being dragged into th ark forest. Somewhere along the way Sebastian had picked up a long thic amboo stalk which he was using like a walking stick, while he kept th antern held high with his other hand. Something about tracking nake hrough the forest made me feel like a primeval warrior on my way to d hatever primeval warriors did in the forest late at night.

Sebastian turned around suddenly and pointed at me with his stick.



"Do you want to be Matt's jester?" He asked. For the first time I saw th arrior Gorm's resolute gaze beneath Sebastian's soft features.



"No?" I said, a little freaked out by his uncharacteristic forcefulness.



"Do you trust me?" He asked.



"I am starting to thing I shouldn't." I mumbled, but followed him as w ade our way to wherever Sebastian was taking me. I wondered if I ha nadvertently got snared into one of his and Jake's games.

After a few more minutes of walking we came to a place I had never been bu ad heard the others talk about though. A clearing in the forest of bambo nd palms made way to a bounty of low bushes, the kind that bore th longated fruit we were all so fond of and was found all over the islan ut never in as close concentration as this place, at least as far as  new.

The clearing was centered by a monolith of a rock, at least three meter all which in the darkness loomed over the clearing like a friendl iant. As soon as we entered the clearing, I noticed the moonligh treaming down on us, only partially disturbed by the sharp bright col ight of the lantern Sebastian was holding. Not for the first time, I fel ike maybe we should have gone the extra mile and made Seb an actual torc e could log around. Then again there was no reason to tempt fate to bur own the whole forest.

The light from the lantern fell on the stone surface on the monolith an it up the detailed painting of a boy, one of many similar I had see round the island at this point. This one had his back turned his smoot ound bare ass on display, as well as his low hanging balls between hi egs as he bent over to do something I could quite see. I had to remin yself that the idea of running my hand over the tender muscular cheeks an pread them wide to show the undoubtably tight boy-hole wasn't actuall ossible. Still, most of the paintings were of boys who faced forward whic asn't a complaint. Over the last couple of days, I had learned how t ppreciate cocks. How they looked, smelled, and felt. But a good enticin ss was my primary thing. A good ass had been a primary goal when I wa ooking for a girl and it was no less important on a guy, now that I ha iscovered just how much I loved guys.



"That's one fine ass." I said under my breath. I walked up to the artwor nd ran my hands over the smooth cheeks. It didn't matter how many times  aw these paintings they amazed me every time.



"Thanks." Seb said distractedly from somewhere behind me.



"No, I meant..." I said, looking over my shoulder. "Not that you don't hav  fine ass too, but I meant the... what are you doin'?"

Seb was bending over the same way the guy in the painting did, only becaus eb was much thinner than the painting his cheeks spread enough when he di o, that I could actually see his hole for a second.



"Should have brought a knife." Seb mumbled oblivious to my staring. "Di ou bring one by any chance."



"Hang on let me check my pockets." I said, voice dripping wit arcasm. "I'm buck bare, same as you."



"Right..." Seb pondered, then bend back down.



"Seb is there a point to this, or should we just..." I started when I hear  sudden snap accompanied by a characteristic leaf rustling. Seb stood u uickly triumphantly holding up the fruit he had just managed to pick of he plant.



"You can always -- Woah!" He said immediately fumbling with, and almos ropping, the undoubtably slick fruit. "You can twist them off, if yo on't have a knife." I just looked at him as if he was going mental. Why o arth was he picking those now, we had plenty back at the camp? Sebastia eemed undeterred and walked over to me, studying the thing closely as i t was some sort of relic.



"Would you say this is about the same size as Matt?" He aske onversationally. He held it down towards his own flaccid boyhood which h eld out like a piece of rubber band to compare the two.



"You would know as well as I... oh hell no!" I took a step back as soon a he penny dropped. "Nu-uh not happening, bro!"



"Why not? Don't you want to see if you can win that bet?" Seb asked.



"Yea, but dude, look at that thing!" I said, a little bit of panic in m oice. I was about to backpedal so hard on my earlier bragging. "It's th ize of a squash it'll tear my fucking ass apart.



"It is not. It's not even that much bigger than yours." Seb defended an eld it up next to my cock. He was wrong, it was considerably bigger hough in all fairness I was flaccid right now, the frightening thought o utting that thing inside me, almost made it shrivel up like a prune.



"Look, bro. I know I talk a big game. I'm like that and girls love it."  aid. "But that's it. I didn't know what I was talking about when I mad hat bet, you know that."



"I didn't say it would be easy." Seb retorted. "I just thought maybe yo hould try. I want Matt to lose that bet too, even if you being his jeste ounds fun."



"Fine, you do it first if you're so brave then." I said. That worked, a east for now. Seb's eyes widened at the prospect.



"I'm half your size, that isn't fair." He said.



"No, you ain't." I shot back looking down at him. "You're a few years and  ew hundred push-ups' from being my size. Your dick is gonna grow bigge han mine before this time next year."

We stood for a good long 20 seconds, staring each other down.



"Fine." He said the defiance on his face admirable, if extremel ggravating. He held out the fruit in two hands and dumped it in m rms. In the few awkward moments, it took me to make sure I wasn't going t rop it, Sebastian had gotten down on all fours and turned his ass toward e.

With a sigh of annoyance that Seb had called my bluff I, sunk down to m nees, placing a hand on his butt cheek. I looked at the little brown hol nd watched it flex.



"Bro this isn't gonna fit in ya'." I said exasperated. Seb looked up at m hen sunk down on his stomach, rolling around and getting back up to  itting position.



"I just wanted to help." He said. "I care a lot about Matt, and abou ou..." He looked up at me with his brown eyes behind the glasses, whic ere the only think he'd worn in days.



"I know that." I said letting myself sink down next to him. "But you don' ave to worry, Matt and I are gonna figure things out just fine. The thin s, you can't just start shoving things in like that. Even with pussies ou sometimes have to get things ready otherwise you'll just hur ourself." There was a silence between us few moments and I knew h nderstood.



"This is where Matt and I did it." Sebastian said. "Right there." H ointed with a small finger to a spot not two meters away. "It just sort o appened, we didn't plan on it."



"No kidding?" I said. I could easily picture it. Matt on his back his leg n the air and Seb's smaller body between them gyrating his ass, plungin n an out of Matt's hole.



"Yea, we didn't plan on it either." I said reminiscing. "One minute we wer alking, then we were having a wank and suddenly I was balls deep insid im, having the best fuck of my life."



"It's just, Matt didn't have to prepare, he just did it. But when you pu our finger in me... it wasn't as easy as I'd expected." He said.



"I know, but Matt is a pro. He's been shoving things up there for years."  aid. "But look at this thing, it's huge and Matt's cock is the same." On  him I turned my body so I was on all fours, like Seb had been a momen go. With my ass towards him a spread my legs exposing my own hole t im. This was a strange feeling. The thing about the asshole was that eve hen you were naked it was still this hidden treasure on a boy's body tha ou had to find. There was something delightfully forbitten about showin t off, even to prove a point.



"Look at this. It'd be like trying to feed a watermelon to a mouse." I sai nd held the fruit all the way down to my ass to let him get a good look a he size difference. I looked back over my shoulder to gauge his reactio nd was not entirely surprised to see him gaze up inside me with wonder an uriousness in his eyes. I tried to relax myself so that the hole woul pen up as much as it would go, but it was pretty hard. Especially when  nexpectantly felt a soft finger make contact with the hole. Reflexively m ss flexed and the hole snapped shut like an oyster. He then leaned bac nd lifted his legs back over his shoulder looking down between them to tr nd catch a glimpse of his own hole to see if he could compare.



"Think you need a mirror for that." I said. Sebastian was surprisingl lexible, but nobody was that flexible.



"I just have a hard time seeing how your dick fit in Matt... how did tw hole fingers even fit in me if the hole is so small?" He asked.



"Patience." I said, it was the only answer I had. "Plus, you were better a pening up than I was when Matt did it to me."

He looked at me with owl-like brown eyes and tilted his head again. Fo ome reason I was still standing there like a dumbass, displaying m sshole.



"You mind showing me again?" He asked. The question was odd bu xpected. "I'd like to learn how to do it properly."

I grinned. I knew what it was like to be young and curious... hell I wa till young and curious, if a little more experienced now.



"Got someone special you'd like to impress." I asked coyly. The questio ade him blush; I could tell. He didn't say it, but I could read betwee he lines and if I had anything to say about it, Jake would soon b rithing in pleasure under Sebastian's deft fingers. It was odd thinking o ake like that, but if anyone deserved it, it was him.

I came down from my awkward position on all fours and instead sat dow gain, leaned up against the monolith.



"Alright but remember I ain't an expert." I said. "For the advanced stuf ou'll need to talk to Matt. I'll just show you what I learned."

Seb looked at me with all signs of being all ears, he fidgeted around a lo hough, as if not quite sure how to sit. I solved the issue by grabbing hi rm and gently pulled him down next to me so we laid side by side, on ou ides facing each other, but still leaning ageist the stone monolith.  ade a big deal out of looking him deep in the eye as I continued.



"First rule, don't go in dry. Guy or gal, if you go in dry it's gonn urt." I said. This part I knew from experience. I made a big deal out o aking his hand and putting his index and middle finger in my mouth makin ure to get as much saliva in there as possible. Too late I remembered he' ust touched my asshole with one of those fingers a minute ago, and quickl ushed that thought away, especially since he was about to touch i gain. Deliberately I lifted my right leg and moved his fingers passed m alls and in between my cheeks until I could feel them touch m ole. Interestingly enough it was hard to tell exactly where it was whe eeling it from my end, but Seb could easily feel it. I couldn't help bu lex it a little as he pushed against it, but the motion made the otherwis eeply concentrated younger boy giggle.

Then I did the same with my fingers, except placing my index and middl inger against his libs instead. Obediently he opened his mouth and sucke n my fingers just like I had done. This was bizarre and I had no idea wh  had insisted on doing it this way, but I had a strange feeling it was th ight way of teaching what I knew. At this very moment I felt extremel onnected to the previous inhabitants on this island. Somehow, I knew tha omeone somewhere close by had taught the younger boys the ropes, in  imilar way as I was doing now. I didn't even know why they would.  oubted stone age people would take kindly to boys playing with eac ther's assholes. Then again, they must have had some way of teaching eac ther about their bodies. Methodically and ritualistically. It was a reall eird sensation, and I was starting to understand where Martin was comin rom with all his talk of island gods.



"More." I said softly. "Get as much on there as you can." I said when h tarted to pull back and was delighted when he redoubled his efforts to ge y fingers as wet as possible. There was something satisfying in having th ounger boy suck on my fingers, and I felt a stirring in my cock and new  ould be at full mast in a few seconds. Sebastian was oddly enough stil laccid, but I figured that would change in not too long.



"Couldn't we use fruit juice?" He asked as soon as I retracted my finger nd moved them down towards the same place on him, where he was touchin e. He automatically lifted his leg to give me access and soon my finge as touching his hole once again.



"You won't always have fruit juice on hand." I said. "Maybe later. Alright ou ready?"

He nodded.



"Then start with one finger." I said. "Remember to push out with your ass on't try to suck it in."  As talked, I pushed my middle finger against hi ole and met very little resistance. I tried to follow my own advice an ushed out, as I felt Seb do the same. Soon I felt the less than familia ensation of having another boy's finger inside my ass, as well as th alls of Seb's anus around my own finger.



"Alright, next thing." I said and poked around inside him to find what  as looking for; the wet knob was surprisingly easy to find. "Do you fee hat."

Sebastian made an odd sound, like a puppy dog, as soon I pressed on hi leasure spot with my finger. Seconds later his cock was hard as  owstring. The kind of vicious boner only a teenage boy could obtain.



"The prostate!" he said. I nodded, glad he remembered.



"Try if you can find mine." I said. I waited while I felt him rummag round inside me. It was strange, just having him in there filled my bod ith an odd sense of surging adrenaline that didn't subside but just kin f created an alluring and suspenseful tension in my body. Weirdly enoug hat sensation was more powerful around my chest, rather than in the loins.



"Here?" He asked.



"No, try going deeper." I said in response, then suddenly felt  leasurable jolt followed by a whirring sensation in my insides.



"There!" He said, excided and pressed it again. I took a few moments t njoy his massage. Not for the first time I wondered why I didn't do thi ore often. I too took the time to explore Sebastian's insides again. Hi rostate had been a bigger than I had expected when first I had fingere im, and it still was. I'd easily found it again and now he was making th utest sounds every time I pressed on it, though no liquid left hi ock. Mine was a different story. My foreskin had pealed back as I ha oned up, and precum was leaking out of the slit and running down the sid f the shaft.



"Ok..." I said breathlessly. "Lets' try and add another finger."  uggested. This was easier said than done. Sebastian was tensing up n atter how much I reminded him to push outward, and I was no better.



"That really hurts." Seb said after intensely squinching his face.  elented immediately and thought to myself that maybe doing thi imultaneously wasn't the best idea. I watched his face go fro oncentrated to curious once again.



"We will give it a little more time, and maybe some more lube." I said.  layfully massaged his pleasure spot again and watched as he squirmed i elight. "Try and see if you can do it to me. You were almost there." I asn't true. He had stopped trying when he'd felt pain. But Seb had smalle ingers I had a bigger asshole -- I hoped -- So it was wort ontinuing. Plus, I hadn't felt any real pain yet. No more so than I fel n other muscles when stretching after working out.

I quickly realized that going one at a time was a much bette dea. Focusing all my energy on allowing him access made the whole proces uch easier. It still wasn't easy though. Maybe my saliva was alread rying up or maybe I was just that tight, but it took a good long while fo eb to work his index finger in alongside his long finger. I felt like  alloon being inflated to the limit by an overzealous party planner. To tr nd keep from clenching was like trying not to blink, but boy was m rostate loving it. It was the same kind of pleasure as when I was ball eep in someone, but in reverse.

"Oh damn." I huffed. Exhaling through my nostrils as Seb's fingers starte iggling again. I almost couldn't look at him as he pleasured me but fro hat I saw, there was a very self-satisfied expression on his face.  lmost felt like I had to pee but couldn't. He gradually sped up hi otions and I felt how he touched his forehead to mine, in an intimat esture. When I dared opening my eyes again, just a tad, I saw how he wa iting his lower lip in a very cocky expression, which I'd sometime seen o im before when he was succeeding at something at was about to ge verconfident.



"God -- Stop!" I huffed, so ready to cum and yet unable to, that I couldn' ake it anymore. I was so pent up my balls physically started to ache, an  didn't think I could take it.

My ass was pulsing with a dull ache as well, when he pulled out of me.  olled over on my back and breathed slowly and deeply to get my body bac nder control. In the heat of the moment, I'd forgotten that I still had  inger up inside him as well, which slid out in the same motion, bu eaving Seb clinging very close to me his entire naked front clinging to m rom the side. He was still hard, and his cock almost thrummed against m ipbone.

In the dim light, I looked down myself. My belly rippling with my breat nd absolutely soaked in the juices that had l leaked out of my cock.  adn't cum, and I didn't feel like the last time when Matt had made m quirt too. My cock wasn't even completely hard, but was laying on m bdomen, pointing towards my face, in a sort of semi-chub state.



"Andre?" Seb said, after a few moments of me catching my breath and him resumably either waiting for me to do so, or just listening to the sound f the forest. "I don't think you have anything to worry about."

I giggled. I couldn't help it.



"If you think..." I huffed, still in the process of catching m reath. "... two of ya' fingers is in any way the same, as Matt's tool ou're nuts." With my arm around his shoulders, I pulled him in and gav im a solid kiss right on the side of his head. "But you do some damn goo ingering." I added. My lower abdomen still felt like I'd been punched i he stomach, but somehow in a good way. Worse than that, my balls felt lik hey were being squeezed. They always did that when I'd been edging for to ong. Next to me, Sebastian moved and picked up the fruit he'd left next t s in the dark somewhere. By digging his nails into the skin, he could hol n to it. I noticed that from around the edges of his nails flowed a tin mount of juice, which shone fluorescently in the moonlight that seepe own between the branches like our still slightly glowing body paint tha till stained our skin, even days after we'd applied it.

I watched as he held up two the two fingers that had just been inside me ext to it. As expected, the fruit was quite a bit thicker.



"It's not that much more." He said stubbornly but wavering a little. Then urious as ever, he took the tip of it in his mouth and sucked on it.  ust watched as he experimented. At first, I thought he was going to bit he top off, to get to the juice inside, but he didn't bite down. Instead e just moved it around his mouth, getting a sense of the fruits girth an igidness, and yes, simulating what it would be like to have Matt's massiv og in his mouth. Then he made a mistake. A mistake I would have also mad n his shoes -- or lack thereof. He tried taking as much of it in his mout s he could. Unfortunately for him, the fruit was so slick he might as wel ave tried to suck down a dick-shaped ice cube. With a jerk of his body,  uffled panicked yelp of surprise, choked back by the girthy fruit, an any unpleasant gaging noises the fruit sunk several centimeters furthe nto his throat than he'd planned. I practically watched his throat bulg nd got a glimpse of what would probably develop into a prominent Adam' pple within the next few years. Half a second later Seb was on all four oughing and gagging like a first-time smoker, making unpleasant hoars oises while I, not entirely able to contain some laughter, sat up to tr nd help him. To my relief he recovered quickly and didn't hurl which woul ave been a lot more unpleasant.



"Be careful with that." He croaked hoarsely.



"Maybe BJs aren't your strong suit." I said jokingly as I gave him a fe ads on the back.



"Fuck you." Seb croaked and punched me lightly on the shoulder. "Don' ractice with those, they're too slippery." He picked up the fruit an anded it to me. His wet, bloodshot eyes held a challenge that I couldn' esist. I might also have an unfair advantage, not only was my mouth bigge han his, but I'd also never had a very good gag reflex. It was a proble hen you were drunk, bloated and just wanted to stick two fingers in you hroat, but here it would be an advantage. I looked at the fruit an onsidered it. The first and only time I'd sucked a cock was a few day go, atop the mountain. I hadn't really tried sucking it down, because I' ocused on licking around the head. When Matt had ejaculated in my mout hough, it had sent me coughing, so I wasn't exactly immune.

With a gleam in my eye, looking at Seb with confidence, I slit the frui nto my mouth without hesitation. The skin tasted vaguely of cucumber a xpected, except the breaks in the skin from Seb's fingernails let enoug uice out that the taste of sweet, fruity nectar was undeniable. It wa efinitely the same size as Matt, maybe even a bit bigger. Without breakin ye contact with Seb, and making sure to dig in my nails as best I could,  id my best to relax my throat and let it sink in.

It slid down disturbingly easy. I felt my throat expand somewhat painfully ut didn't gag or feel the urge to cough. It was only when the disturbin hought of possibly swallowing the fruit whole hit me, that I lost my nerv nd pulled it out, taking a deep breath. Sebastian's eyes were round a ilver dollars when I handed him back the fruit.



"Yea that isn't pleasant." I croaked. I sounded just like the first time  ad taken a hit from a bong. Hoarse and almost a whole octave deeper tha ormal.



"You almost swallowed it." Seb said, astonished.



"As I said... Not pleasant." I repeated. "But sucking a dick i ifferent. You gotta focus on the head and not the shaft."



"Yea I know." He said and took the fruit back I was holding out, and stare t it for a little longer.



"You know what?" Seb said, very suddenly. He also sat up straight with th att-sized fruit in his hands, and looked back at me resolutely. "You ar ight, this thing is too big."



"That's what I've been saying." I said, not quite sure where this ne nergy came from.



"But that isn't a reason to give up." Seb said. "One way or the other, yo re winning that bet."



"Dude, just forget it." I said, rolling my eyes. "I've lost that bet. It' ot the first time I've had to swallow my pride, I can handle som umiliation. Ain't much he can do to embarrass me on this island."

I followed him with his eyes as he got to his feet, seemingly not listenin o what I just said, and started roaming around in the clearing.



"Why don't we just try with a smaller one first." He said, squatting dow ext to a bush presumably to study the fruits that grew on it. I couldn' ctually see, because of the darkness. The old lantern lit the clearin ust fine, but it was still only one lantern.



"That would be a way to train, I suppose. But I don't think..." I began, a  scrambled to get up a little further. I didn't get very far before  ruit, a long thin one with a slight curve to it. It scooted off m mmediately and despite my reflexive attempts to seize it slit into th rass like it was made of ice.

I say thin, but the thing was about as wide as two of my fingers an ntimidatingly long. I looked up at Sebastian who came happily walking bac o me with an additional selection of fruits of various sizes. From a tin ne which was no bigger than my pinky, to one that resembled my own cock i ize, except longer. There was something comical about his brisk walk, wit he arms full of fruit and a bouncing boner pointing aimlessly in a rando irection as he walked.

I carefully and full of doubt to the wisdom of this idea, picked up th ruit he'd tossed me. While smaller, its girth was still intimidating.  ooked back to Seb who was carefully and methodically measuring hi election of fruits against his own penis. The first one was much thinne han his and he placed it on his stomach, from where it immediately sli own on the ground, to measure the next one.



"Let's try this one." He said and sunk the nail of his thumb into the ski f the fruit, dragging it a little to leave a deep furrow bleeding frui uice onto his fingers. He looked at me expectantly and held up his frui s if it was a brilliant new gadget he'd invented.



"See, I made one the same size as Jake." He said. "You think that will be  roblem?"



"Don't know." I said. The casualness and ease with which he had measure ut Jakes dick in fruit form was a little disturbing on some level. Also he idea of how familiar he'd have to be with my young friends' cock wa weet but stirred my protective instinct towards Jake a little bit. "D ou?"

We locked eyes for a moment, the challenge hanging in the air. To Seb' redit he didn't back down, even though he looked a little apprehensive.



"I think I can take it just fine." He said defiantly, was it my imaginatio r had he deliberately dropped his voice to sound more like his fearles lter ego? "But you are the one whose butt is on the line."

He was right of cause, but nevertheless he handed it to me and send me  ast defiant glare before turning his ass towards me.

We were once again in this sort of bizarre situation where Sebastian wa neeling in the grass facing away from me with his head resting on his arm ike he was praying to some sort of Greek god. Because he was hard it wa nly his smooth tight ball sack, I could see between his legs below hi ole which flexed provocably at me between the two cheeks. Unlike before i asn't completely closed shut, but had a tiny opening to his inside isible, presumably from my fingering earlier. Still the fruit in my han idn't look like it would fit. Jake's cock wasn't small after all, bigge han Seb's. Despite my apprehension I did it anyway. I could always stop i t didn't work. Before getting started I nipped a hole in the top of th ruit with my front teeth and tasted the sweet juice. Then, I held it ove is hole to make sure it was lubed up properly. The fruit skin was slipper n and of itself, but I wanted to make sure there was enough lube. A giggl nd a shiver was heard from Seb when he felt the juice touch his sensitiv kin, but he didn't comment.

I placed the still leaking tip of the fruit against his hole and applie he slightest pressure. Seb was a fast learner, I had to give him that.  idn't have to remind him to relax and push out, he remembered. To my utte stonishment the fruit slid inside him with no effort at all, like slidin  clean sock over a foot. I had to dig my nails into the skin to control i s it easily slid past the point Seb had made which marked the length o ake's cock. The younger boy let out a long moan, followed by a sigh tha lmost sounded like relief.



"You good?" I asked.



"All good." Sebastian said in a strained voice. "Just feels bigger tha xpected."

I gave him a few moments to adjust before trying to move it again. Th inkish fruit juice was starting to leek around the edges of his hole and  ondered how much the juice had washed out into him. It took only a singl ccidental slight upwards motion of the fruit to illicit a response fro eb. His body made a slight convulsion from the motion and he made a groa o full of pleasure I was sure he had to be exaggerating.



"Keep doing that." He breathed. Curiously I lowered my head to look i etween Seb's legs, in an attempted to gauge him. His body was tense as  owstring, but that could mean anything. He was resting his upper body o is elbows with his head bend all the way forward, so I could see his fac pside down when looking past his balls and his utterly hard penis. Hi yes were clenched shut and his face a mask of pleasurable tension. A dro f liquid was clinging to the underside of his cock, having presumabl eaked from the tip. I couldn't believe how well he was responding t his. Spurred on, I started moving the fruit a little more. The effect wa mmediate and powerful.



"Nghh... aaahh!" he groaned and his mouth opened wide in response. I place  hand on one of his thighs for better control and felt a repeated serie f little tremors move through him as I stimulated his prostate with th ruit. I felt a rush of excitement, now that I knew that what he felt wa ndeed pleasure my own extasy was awoken. There was nothing I liked mor han giving pleasure and Sebastian seemed just as easy to please as Mat as. A steady stream of liquid was now dripping from his cock and into th rass below him and he was moaning and squirming without any rea hythm. It was just a continuous array of pleasurable senses he wa eacting to as I moved the fruit every which way to see what he'd reac o. Spurred on by my own glee and cockiness I opened my mouth and ran m ips over his soft wrinkly ball sack. I didn't know what it was with balls ormally people didn't speak highly of them but there was something abou heir tenderness on my lips I found incredibly arousing. I felt ever ittle detail of the sack on my tongue and tried to carefully manipulat ne of the balls inside of it.



"Fuuuuuuuck." Sebastian half choked into his arm. The tremor was palpabl hrough his ball sack in my mouth and the fruit in his ass. Next thing  new, the fruit slipped through my fingers and fell out of him with a hug igh from Sebastian. A second later his body tensed up and a huge stream o unny clear liquid erupted from his cock and splashed the ground beneat im in a long single squirt.

Sebastian stayed in that position for a while, breathing slowly an eeply. His ass was gaping and pulsating, if still rapidly closing bac p. Pink juice was leaking out of him and if there had been more light,  ould have looked right up inside him if I'd wanted. Instead, I sat bac ooking at him, absolutely fascinated with the amount of pleasure he' anage to archive. My own cock was almost achingly hard and my body wa creaming at me for some sort of release. Adrenaline was causing littl remors of horniness to twitch my body in different ways and places, an he ache in my core and my balls had returned. But I ignored all of it, no ven daring to move.

Instead, I let Seb take as much time as he needed to recover.

I watched him roll over to avoid the mess he'd made in the grass and sat o is ass and elbows in the grass, legs spread and looked at me through heav yelids. The devious smile on his face was almost uncharacteristic and  elt a little like I was being judged in a new light, by him. His glasse ad fallen halfway off and was now crookedly attached to his face whic nly accentuated his disheveled appearance.



"Your turn." He said smiling deviously through shallow breaths.



"Uuh..." I said uncertainly. "Take your time."



"I'm good." He said and rolled onto his knees, showing every sign of sor ain in his lower body. "Come on, it's your turn."

I rolled my eyes, sighing internally. I was impressed with his ability t ecover, but annoyed with his impatience. Anyone else I'd ever slept wit ad always gone to sleep after receiving that level of pleasure. The gain, I wasn't sure I'd ever given anyone else that level of pleasure xcept perhaps for Matt. Quietly I bit back my apprehension. I had to admi omething in me was a little scared still. Not just from the fear of ana ain, but I also wasn't sure I could ever look myself in the eye again if  ver found myself writhing in pleasure under someone else's hand like that.

Swallowing my pride, I got on all fours and waited in suspense, listenin o my own nervous heartbeat as Sebastian moved slowly around me. Lookin ver my shoulder I watched him pick up the fruit I had just pleasured hi ith. It was dripping with juices and still leaking from the tip. I wasn' ure I wanted to have that one up my ass, since it had just come out o is. However, it was the smallest one of the fruits he'd picked except th ne that was so small it would disappear inside me, so I didn' omplain. Plus, it was going in my ass, I wasn't going to complain abou ts hygiene.

I inhaled sharply as I felt the warm juice hit my asshole. I was gettin ncreasingly nervous now. I decided I wasn't going to be a pussy, an teeled myself. What the hell did I have to be nervous about? Bigger thing ad come out of me than what was about to go in after all, and it wasn' ike I didn't want this.



"I am ready." I said trying to put conviction in my voice, and felt a han eing placed on my ass moving the cheek a little for better access.  pread my legs out a little more in response and felt the wet tip of th ruit against my hole, causing an in involuntary flex. I did my best t ush outward as soon as he pushed and felt... no pain. The fruit parted m lesh easily and sunk inside me with almost no resistance. Only a smooth lightly gritty slide up inside me. The stretching felt a little unfamilia hough and I gave off a sharp sigh. I was actually a tad disappointed.  ad expected to feel pain, and hadn't felt any, but where was the pleasure he fruit finally met a little bit of resistance and Seb stopped pushing.  witch went through my body and my cock jumped a little.



"Is it ok?" Seb asked?



"It's all good." I said. "Feels strange."



"I know." Came the reply. "You have it in pretty far. Does it feel good?"



"Sort of." I said. "You can play with it a little, see what happens." Tha elped, as soon as Sebastian moved the fruit, I felt it hit my prostate an he amazing feeling of being stimulated from the inside started buildin p. I gave off a huff, and tried to enjoy it. It was hard though, eve hough the fruit was definitely doing something, I had actually liked i etter when he'd just fingered me. After a minute or so I stopped him.



"I am not doing well, am I?" Seb asked, when he pulled the fruit out o e. I looked back and tried to smile encouragingly.



"You are doing fine." I said. "Maybe I am just more of a top. I am no eeling much, it doesn't even hurt."

Seb looked thoughtful as he put the fruit down.



"Let's try a bigger one then." He said "This one went in so easy, mayb t's just too small."

I bit my lip. Why did I have to open my big mouth. I wasn't much for it ut he did have a point. Maybe my problem still was that I didn't like t hink of myself as someone who liked taking cocks in the ass. But it wasn'  cock after all.



"I don't think that will work, this already feels like enough." I said.



"Will you stop being such a pussy." Seb said. The tone of his voic urprised me. I looked back up at him only to get a sharp look back. Th oice he'd used was not his usual carefree cadence but more like the voic e used when he was playing his barbarian alter ego. I didn't quite kno ow I felt about that, but there was something about it that made me fee hallenged and therefore cockier.



"Ok, but don't scale up too much. Just a little bigger." I said. "The las ne didn't hurt but I still felt tight."

Seb nodded and I got back into position. Just like last time I huffed an teeled myself. I heard the distinct noise of Seb biting into the tip t elease the lubricating juices. The boy was a fast learner, he hadn't eve een me doing that.



"Alright, ready." Seb said, using his Gorm voice. I felt the tip of th ext fruit poke against my asshole. Sure, enough the profile of it fel igger and blunter.

The effect was... noticeable. This time there was pain too and even thoug  did my best to push, the fruit strained against my hole. I cried out, bu anaged to bite down on my tongue before I made an ass of myself, no pu ntended. Even doing something like this, my sense of pride refused to le  little bit of pain defeat me. Folding into the same ass up, head dow osition on my knees as Seb had used, I groaned with my mouth buried on m rms. It didn't matter whether I pushed or clenched though. The fruit lick as it was, slid slowly and deliberately into my asshole like butte n a hot skillet. I felt my inners widen and stretch to accommodate th nvasion and with it came thousands of pinpricks, each and every on raveling either up my spine, down my legs or into by cock an alls. Sexual tension was rising, my cock was twitching. I felt like I ha o pee and the urge to cum was mounting, but felt like it was just outsid f my grasp. Then the fruit hit my prostate, that must have been wha appened, and a surge of tinkles twisted through my entire body. I let ou n involuntary moan that left me mortifyingly embarrassed that I could mak uch a sound, and felt a single jet of runny cum shoot lazily out of m ock, completely involuntarily.

I huffed and struggled to catch my breath. It was like the presence of th ruit was restricting my ability to breathe properly. Sebastian had stoppe ushing it in when I had reacted, but in this position, I couldn't see hi xpression. I couldn't move my legs a whole lot either, mostly out of fea f what too much motion would do to my ass with the fruit up inside me.



"How far is it in." I croaked.



"A little more than two thirds." Seb said, the awe in his voice wa alpable.



"I think that's all I can take." I said. "Holy crap I didn't expect that."



"It feels amazing right?" He asked. I pondered over that word. I woul robably had gone with `intense', or something similar.



"Alright... let's leave it in there for a minute." I said. "Then take i ack out, I don't think it's a good idea if we are too..." I suddently fel nother surge. I wasn't sure if Seb had touched the fruit or not, or if i as simply the first wave returning, like a boomerang. Whatever it was, i eturned... was it an orgasm of some sort? It filled my head with pleasur nd blurred out my vision. I felt how I lost my footing as another lon azy squirt of cum was ejected from my cock. Off balance in my alread wkward position, I stumbled and to my horror, felt the fruit slide furthe nside me until my asshole clinched shot around back end of the fruit wit  miniscule dull ache.



"Ahhhhh." I half moaned half hissed as I fell onto my side, my whole bod rite with tension. My guts felt bloated like a balloon, like I had to tak he biggest dump of my life. I could practically feel how my body wa creaming for release. I could tell without looking, how much precum wa eaking form my cock and onto anything in close enough proximity.



"I'm sorry." Seb squealed. "I didn't mean to... It went inside you!"

I didn't answer immediately. I wasn't quite sure if I could talk at all.  as just trying to keep my panic in check. Reaching down I could feel th ip of the back end of the fruit still poking out of my hole, that was goo t least.



"Its... huh... fi-...-ne." I said. "Motherfu... that's... biiig."  uffed. I did my best to dig my nails into the fruit and pull but I didn' ave enough leverage to pull against the force of my sphincter with m ails alone, especially not from this angle. Finally, I gave up and lai ack in the grass on top of my own juices, trying to think of what t o. Instinctively I kept my legs apart and my diaphragm coiled, unable t elax a single muscle in my lower body.



"Fuck this thing is too big." I said when I'd finally gotten myself enoug ogether to talk properly. My chest was still heaving though. Sebastia ust sat between my legs and looked indecisive. He too had tried digging i nd pulling but had only been marginally more successful than me.



"Don't worry, we'll get it out." He said. "Maybe I should go get Matt... h ight."



"No." I said sharply. The last thing I wanted was Matt seeing me like thi ight now. "Let's just... think."



"Are you pushing?" He asked. I couldn't help but grin at the stupi uestion.



"Yea." I said. "I gotta say though. I don't think I can take Matt's coc fter all. This isn't even his size and I already..." I had to take a brea id speech to breathe and suppress an oddly pleasurable tremor in m ody. "... already feel like I'm about to burst."

I tried not to look Seb in the eyes. I didn't want him to see the tear hat were forming in my eyes from the weird pressure from the inside. Ever ime I tried to squeeze with my ass, I felt the fruit move oddly inside me aking me shudder with the odd sensation and sending tiny stream of liqui unning from the tip to the base of my cock. I felt good and royally fucke n more ways than one.

To my surprise Seb seemed oddly sheepish. He wasn't looking at me eithe nd his voice was oddly shameful. I got a very terrifying suspicion.



"Please don't be angry." He said meekly, but now that I could finally loo t him, I could have sworn that I saw a devious shade on his face. "Th ruit you have in there is..."

I felt the blood drain from my head as I realized what he was trying t ell me. I must have looked like a cheap sex doll in the face.



"You tellin' me..." I said, huffed for breath, felt another tremor an ulped before I could continue. "That you put that huge thing...!" Anothe ause, another tremor, another little squirt of cum. "Instead of the..."



"I just wanted to try." Seb said after a moment, sounding more than  ittle defensive. "I didn't think it would actually go in, but it jus id... Your butt just swallowed it." There was a bit of awe in his voic oo, as he said it.



"Fuck!" I whined trying to breath shallow breaths as it didn't feel lik here was room inside me for deeper ones. I felt another wave of pleasur ash over me as I dared to try and move to my knees in an attempt to find  osition where I could get it out. I doubled over and ended up with m orehead against the grass exhaling like an exhausted draft horse. " an't... I can't take anymore." I said desperately as I gritted my teeth ust as the next wave hit me, this time followed up by a weak pulse o iquid leaving my cock. I barely registered how Seb scrambled around me ot quite sure what to do.



"Wow, I can almost see it." Seb said, as I felt a finger poke at my tain ight under my undoubtably strange looking asshole. The touch made me se tars as my abused prostate was squeezed even further.



"Can you... *huff* ...get it?" I asked. There was a few second of silence nd a few more pleasure waves where all I felt was fingers, in and aroun y hole.



"No, it's too slippery... I don't know what to do." Seb said. "Maybe if yo quad, you can push it out."



"I don't think I can." I said. "I can barely feel my legs."



"You have to try." Seb said. "When we have to do our business in the fores n the scouts, we sit like that."



"This isn't exactly." I said but was cut off by another pressure buildu hat made my body scream.



"No... I can't..." I said, carefully rolling back onto my back. I felt ho  was laying on some of Sebastian's juices from before, but right now  idn't care. "I can't take it I need to... cum." I didn't know why I sai t, my body was simply begging me for some sort of release. I moved my han o my cock, slowly and carefully as I was afraid what a sudden movemen ould do. When my hand finally touched the shaft of my dick, I felt a hand maller than mine, take a hold of it at the same time. Judging from th ound of his breath, which was barely audible over the rushing in my ears eb sat or knelt down between my legs somewhere and had taken a hold of m ock. The touch was almost unbearable. Even the slightest manipulation o y heavy manhood put pressure on the fruit inside me and made me moan an onvulse, my balls ached so much that I feared anything would touch them.  as just on the edge, ready to fall but held back by some invisibl ower. That power was broken the second Seb's tongue touched m renulum. My orgasm was so intense the world seemed to disappear for a nknown length of time. My ears were filled with a ringing that drowned ou hatever involuntary sound I was making. My vision blurred out leaving onl ormless swimming dots. My body started pulsing as the floating, warrin ensation took over my body, little convulsions in my gut erupting into ne leasurable sensations every time the fruit moved inside me. I almost fel ike I was floating over the grass. The only sensation of touch I had wa he fluid coming from within me starting to cover my body. Then as if m agic I felt a slight burning sensation in my asshole, as the sphincte pened and something large started to slide out. I did my best to push out ut it was impossible and completely unnecessary. In trot with my orgas ubsiding the fruit, slid out of me as easily as a boiled almond from it kin.

Finally, the fruit left my ass and my body instantly relaxed. I took a lon huddering breath as the world started to rematerialize around me. Firs ound, then vision. I was looking up in the night sky between the tal amboo stalks, just trying to breathe. My entire front was completel oaked in cum. Thin, runny cum barely thicker than water in it onsistency, running down the sides of my body and into the grass. My ball elt like they'd been squeezed in a vice, and my legs were still prickling.

It took me a while to register that Seb was standing over me. Looking dow uriously at my helpless form.



"Are you alright?" He asked.



"No." I croaked; my voice hadn't regained its full strength. My ass fel oth dry and wet at the same time and every time I flexed it, involuntaril r otherwise I felt a soreness I was sure wouldn't go away anytim oon. Despite this, my body was completely relaxed, all tension left in m ody, even after having spend all day in a hot spring, was gone. If I' elaxed anymore than I was currently doing, I was pretty sure I'd pis y... well not my pants - I wasn't wearing any.



"It came out." Seb said unnecessarily. I don't know why he felt the need t ouch it, but he picked up the Matt-sized fruit from somewhere between m egs and looked at it under the light of the old lantern. It looke righteningly big in his small hand, but at least it didn't have any bloo n it. Actually, the fruit looked like it was lighter in color than before ut that was probably just my imagination.



"Throw that away please." I said. Not wanting to look at it. I had so man onflicting emotions right now I didn't want to see the catalyst of al hese thoughts.



"Yea, you are right." He said. "I'll go find a bigger one, and we'll tr gain."



"NO!" I exclaimed loudly, before I saw the dumb smirk on Sebs face tha old me he was joking. Making that kind of joke was unlike him and my brai as working slowly so I hadn't caught on to it in the first place. "Tha hing almost tore me apart." I mumbled, embarrassed by the continual smir eb was sending me, as he held a hand out to help me up, after throwing th sed fruit back into the bushes.

Getting to my feet was an ordeal, my entire lower body protested at th train, but I couldn't stay where I was. Juices were running off me as th ravity shifted and left streaks of cum down my body. I could feel ho here were still juices inside me, but none were running out of me hankfully. I took a single trying step forward and winced at the shootin ull pain that darted up my spine.



"There, that wasn't so bad was it?" Seb said returning to the gruf arbarian voice, his face a triumphant mask as he slapped me on the ass aking me yelp in pain.



"Fuck you!" I said, taking a step away in a guarded position. "I'll mak ou pay for what you did, don't think I won't get back at you." The tone i y voice took the sting out of my words. Sebastian didn't seem worried ased on his devious facial expression.



"You'll have to catch me first." He said, and made another attempt a ither slapping or poking at me, before darting out of my arms reach icking up the lantern in the process. I cursed inwardly as the younger bo tayed just outside of my reach, moving just quickly enough that I couldn' atch up with my severely reduced walking speed. In contrast to me, he wa alking, skipping and dancing like a forest elf with a lantern, like h asn't feeling any soreness at all. Then again, the fruit I had used on hi ad only been a fraction of the size.

The cool ocean water was like drinking a glass of whole milk after eatin ot peppers. The weightlessness of the saltwater plus the numbing cold o y abused ass was bliss, not to mention the feeling of washing all tha ticky cum off my body, even if that wasn't quite so easy. Seb was floatin round somewhere next to me, still making sure to be outside my reach, i ase I were to take my revenge. He too needed to wash the sex filth off o im. I tried to push out some of whatever juices were still inside me bu othing came out, after a little while I dared probing the ass with  inger and felt a sore but slick and malleable hole which disturbingl asily let two whole fingers inside effortlessly before I felt mor tretching than I could handle. I was wondering whether it was possibl hat I could win this stupid bet I had made. It didn't matter, I'd alread ecided I would admit defeat. Right now, despite the pleasure I'd fel elow the pain, I'd rather be a jester for a day, no matter what siniste hings Matt might ask of me, than put anything in my ass again.

There was nothing more peaceful than the deserted beach at night. Th oonlight was enough to see by, even though we had the lantern, and onc gain the markings on our bodies illuminated our skin. Whatever was in th ruit juice must have an extremely good ability to cling to the human skin ecause Seb's dragon body-art that Jake had made, was plainly visibl naking down his body, even though it was only barely visible in th aylight. We finally made it back to the beach near camp. We made most o he journey in the water, as I was still too sore to walk faster than  ould limp. Sebastian carried the lamp above the surface while I focused o oving as carefully as I could.

We heard hushed voices on the beach as we rose out of the water. Seb ha ikened us to merfolk as we got out and made a big deal out of doing i racefully. I limited myself to moving however I could.

Jake's laughter was unmistakable, it sounded like he was being tickled o omething. Soon the cone of light fell upon two boys rummaging around unde ome blankets, un tip of another larger blanket. From the looks of it acob had dove under the blanket so only a few stray limbs stuck out, an ere tickling Jake who was begging for mercy. It took them a good twent econds to notice that we'd approached, even when Seb placed the lantern i he sand and ran up to the two under the blankets.



"That was a long walk you two had." Jacob said in a tone I couldn't quit auge. "You must have been all around the island."

I did my best not to look sheepish. I had no idea what time it was, bu ince the two of them were still awake it couldn't be that late.



"We just took a trip up and down the beach." I lied.



"Did you?" Jacob asked and propped himself up on his arms so the blanke lid down his bare chest all the way to his pubic area. "We didn't see you.



"We took a walk as well, but we probably didn't go as far as you did." Jak aid, as he wormed himself out from under the blankets so Seb could si own next to him. After an odd glance at both me and Jacob, Jake leane ver to give Seb a deep kiss on the mouth. I was surprised, and so seeme eb. I looked to Jacob to take measure of his reaction, of he dared to mak un of them I was ready to give him a talking to, but he just looke eutrally at the display of affection before he turned his attention bac o me. Sebastian too, looked like he wasn't sure he wanted to be kissed i ront of Jacob but surrendered to it quickly, and was soon pulled dow nder the blanket with Jake in a loving embrace.



"What's wrong with you, did you hurt yourself?" Jacob asked. I blushed bu oped it couldn't be seen in on my dark skin in the darkness.



"I fell." I mumbled and did my best to look like I wasn't sore, which onl ntensified the occasional jabs of pain that were lessening by the minute ut were still making me cringe.



"Right." Jacob said, as if he didn't quite believe me. I wondered what h as thinking, but he couldn't possibly know why I was sore.



"I better get... uh... to bed." I said awkwardly.



"Sure." Jacob said. "Scoot over you two, let's make some room."



"It's ok, I don't think there is room for all of us." I said, I wasn' uite sure what I felt like sleeping naked next to Jacob. I barely knew th uy.



"Nonsense." Jacob said. "There is plenty of room, and I don't min nuggling close." He sent me a wink that I didn't know what to feel about ut both Seb and Jake send me encouraging nods, so I gave in. Truth be tol  didn't mind laying close with other boys, not anymore at least. Plus nything to avoid having to limp all the way back to camp with my sore ass.

Doing my best to shrug as if it was no big deal, I carefully got to m nees, wincing all the way down and got in between the sheets next to th ery much naked Jacob. There wasn't much room but it would do. I did m est not to get sand into the bedding and rummaged a little till I found  ood position. Laying on my side gave me the most room and were th entlest to my sore regions. Jacob scooted in closely, without a hint o hyness that his thigh, ass and other body parts were making contact wit y cock. His scent was oddly enticing. On his other side, Jake scooted i lose to Jacob while Seb completed the conga line by snuggling up t ake. I was asleep before I heard anyone say goodnight.



[Tags: Anal play, oral, fingering]

