Date: Sun, 27 Dec 2020 22:18:17 +000 rom: Human Man <gladly11@hotmail.com ubject: Island, Chapter 15

Hello again. It's time for the next chapter. Let's find out where Sebastia nd Jake went after seeing their older friends going at it.


Disclaimer: This story is free fantasy, nothing in it ever happened and al haracters are made up and do not resemble any real person, living or dead.

This story includes a whole lot of irrisposible behaviour, and I do no ondone any of it. Including but not limited to: Sexual behaviour betwee ales younger than 16 years old, underaged drinking, nudity, swearing ublic urination, leaving teenagers unsupervised on a unspecfically locate ninhabited island, pop-culture references, compleate and utter disregar or STD prevention, some stuff you really shouldn't do with a camera ating or otherwise inserting into yourself unfamiliar fruits you find i ature, an (at this point) unhealthily lax attitude towards hyginge unning around a dark deserted island in the middle of the night, and ba okes.

I kindly remind you that I am a stranger on the internet and anything yo ead is on your own risk.

If you like this story and feel like donating, you can. Not to me, I am  epraved person who writes erotic fiction with something that vaguel esembles a plot and then jerk off to the result. No, donate to Nift nstead, cuz they are great. There is a link for that here ttp://donate.nifty.org/

Lastly, I like the idea of adding Tags to a story so people know what the an expect to jerk off to, but I also find them to often be spoiling th tory a little. With that in mind I have decided to put these at the botto f the page, so if you need tags they can be found there.







Chapter 15: Sebastian, June 16th - Morning



"What does it even mean." Jake asked, his naked figure was leaned against  ock face we had given up on scaling. We had sought shelter from the rai nderneath an overhanging rock which looked secure enough and created  seudo grotto. If we'd had the equipment, I would have made a fire in her oo. Just to make the illusion of two adventurers camping togethe omplete. The fact that we'd dropped our bedroll had been a problemati ince we'd both been a little cold for quite a while now. My own thought ere tumbled enough as it was, without having to challenge my feelings eve urther. It wasn't seeing Matt with Andre, as much as it was... seeing hi ith ANDRE? That sentence didn't even make sense as I tried to explain i o myself.

Jake's words were the first either had uttered in several minutes afte e'd stopped running. Even though it was still dark, the rain had stoppe nd the sounds of morning animals, which I had gotten used to, had starte o sound.



"What?" I asked, not sure what exactly he was asking. The question wa learly an extension of his own train of thought, meaning I had no chanc n following without first making sure.



"Never mind." Jake said, sighing deeply.

I got up from where I had been sitting and joined him. I sat down on m are butt next to him. He didn't even seem to notice at first.



"I'm cold." He said and leaned into my shoulder. I put my arm around hi nd guided his head onto my shoulder.



"Maybe we should go back to the camp, crawl into our tents and forge verything. I suggested."



"Heck no!" Jake said. "What if we run into them or... worse. I jus an't. God it's so Embarrassing."



"We can't stay here, you're shivering." I said.



"I know." He said, and snuggled closer to me, in a feeble attempt to tr nd keep warm. "But I'd rather freeze than go back right now."



"Maybe we should keep walking a little. Just so we can stay warm."  uggested. I leaned my head onto his, feeling his body heat. He was reall arm.



"In a minute." He said. "It's just so embarrassing. We walked right in o hem."



"They didn't see us." I pointed out.



"But how will I ever look either of them in the eyes?" He said.



"Maybe it isn't so bad." I said. "I mean, they were just having fun, right t looked fun."

Jake just looked at me with a blank stare, and I pulled him into anothe ug.



"Come on... I'm freezing my butt off on this stone." I said. I got to m eet and helped Jake up too. The rain hadn't stopped but since we were bot ude, neither of us really cared if we got wetter. Jake had a tight gri round my waist as we were walking, following the cliff side as it cut th sland in half. To shield ourselves a little from the drops, we walked jus ithin the bamboo stalks. We didn't venture any further in than that, sinc t was so dark that we would get lost in there.



"Have you noticed something?" Jake asked. We'd otherwise walked i ilence. Our usual endless conversations about anything remotel nteresting, stifled by our respective array of feelings. "I thought yo aid that those weird fruits only grew in that grove you talked about."

I looked at him. In the darkness I couldn't see much of anything, othe han Jake's face.



"They do." I said, raising an eyebrow.



"Well, we've passed at least a half dozen." Jake answered. "look there' ne right here."

I felt him slip out of my arms as he walked to a little patch of bamboo here he squatted down. I couldn't help but admire his naked body fro ehind. Especially his butt. It made a little surge of excitement g hrough my body, which in turn made my boyhood twitch a little.



"See, there is one growing right here." He said. I squatted down next t im and saw he was right. The bush was a lot smaller than the once in th rove, but it bore about seven fruits in total, not counting the ones tha ere barely nobs. I noticed the sweet but faint odor it had, and couldn' elp but run my fingers over the tough, slick surface.



"How many did you say we passed?" I asked. I hadn't seen them anywhere o he island except in the grove with the painted stone. How could we hav issed them growing anywhere else. I had been to this part of the islan efore, where the cliffy side met the bamboo forest.



"Five or six." Jake said. "I just remembered that you said they didn't gro nywhere else."



"I must have been wrong. This clearly isn't a new plant. Nothing grows tha ast." I said. With delicate hand I pinched the fruit stem a fe entimeters over the place where the two connected and snapped it off. Thi ne was about the size of a banana, and was the biggest one on th lant. Then I shook it and heard the juice splash around inside. I coul nly hold it by the stem, since it would otherwise pop out of my hand lik  wet bar of soap.



"Want some?" I asked, holding the fruit vaguely in his direction.



"Now?" He asked. "I still don't know if we should be drinking that stuf utright. We can't eat all the fruit on the island."



"I don't think it will be a problem. You have seen the grove; we won't b ere nearly long enough to eat all of that. And if it isn't even the onl lace where the fruit grows, then it's even less of a problem."  ationalized. Truthfully, I really liked the juice, even if it was rathe weet.



"All right I guess it can't hurt to take one each." He said, and plucked o he same way I had. "Would it be stupid to ask if you have a knife on you. e grinned at me and I snickered back. The discovery had momentarily wipe he embarrassing sight of our older friends together.



"Only this one." I said, snickering and waved my hips a little, making m nexplicably engorged dick wobble a little. It wasn't hard per se, but jus wollen, on the verge of going hard, but not quite.



"I'm only a novice nudist too, you know. I wonder where they keep thei tuff... Don't say up there, that joke is too old." I said, and we bot iggled.



"Guess we need to find a stone or something. Gorm you're the Barbarian." H aid, looking up at me. He was finally smiling again. Seeing him smile mad e flutter inside, and a smile automatically formed on my lips.



"let me try something." I said. By holding the fruit by its stem an upporting it with my other hand it was possible to hold i pright. Tryingly I put the tip of the fruit in my mouth and bit into i ith my teeth. The skin was tough but breakable. Harder than biting into a pple, but possible. It was more like a pumpkin really. Immediately th weet sugary juice poured into my mouth, I bit the tip off and spat i ut. Only the inner pulp was eatable anyway.



"You can bite off the tip." I said, licking my lips before taking a sip o he fruit. The juice was so delicious. And somehow different from the firs ne I'd tried, though I could not quite put my finger on it.

We continued walking towards the beach. We both agreed that It would be to angerous to try and find the hot spring again, when it was this dark. I ontinuously perplexed me how dark it could actually get, when the sun wa own, and when the clouds covered the moon. As we reached the beach, I ha runk all of the intoxicating nectar of the fruit. The rain had started t ubside so the two of us sat down under a palm which shaded us from th rops and watched as the dawn started to break over the ocean. We'd been u alf the night, but I didn't feel tired, just relaxed. I snuggled up clos ith Jake. It was amazing how we'd completely dropped almost all concept o  personal bubble towards each other in such a short time. We sat leaned u gainst a rock on a grassy patch rather than on the sand which were cold t he touch; and I had an arm draped around his shoulders. I'd split my frui engthwise and the two of us were gorging on the pulp inside, which wer ust as sweet and slippery as the juice. It's a good thing we were naked ecause the juice got everywhere. With my free arm I fed him little lump f pulp



"God, we've almost been up all night." Jake said. "All because we sa hem..." He trailed off and I stuffed another piece of fruit into hi outh, which he ate with gusto.



"Did you notice how... into it they looked?" I said. I felt Jake nod.



"Do you think they're in love?" He suddenly asked, his voice barely mor han a whisper. "I mean, are they boyfriends?"



"Beats me." I said. "I mean, I kind of want them to be, don't you?" It wa rue. I felt like I couldn't do anything but be truthful.



"I... I don't know." Jake said. "It's all really confusing. I mean Andr sed to have a girlfriend, and now he is... doing that... with Matt. I hat even the same thing?"



"Matt is gay." I said. "He told me that days ago, and I want him to have  ice boyfriend... and Andre is nice." I noticed that Jake had his hand o y knee.



"I've always been told that you should love a girl. But they looke o... In love. And... I..." He trailed off. There was a pause. A long one.



"What about you?" I asked. I couldn't help it.



"What about me what?" Jake asked.



"Are you in love, Sylvis?" I asked. The words slipped out of me, and  egretted asking the second I had done so. I knew my feelings. I had ha un with Matt, and he was a good friend. I'd had fun with Jake too, and h as also a good friend, but Jake was different. He was my age, he wa mazing, he was fragile and sweet.



"I don't know... I... I want to be." He said. He turned his head toward e. We kissed. Not long but it felt that way.



"But I don't want to be gay." He said. We kissed again, this time longe nd repeatedly. His last words hung in the air between us, but we just kep issing. I finally broke off. Not because I wanted to, but because I didn' ant to push Jake too far.



"I like when you do that." He whispered and wove his fingers into mine. M ick was throbbing hard now, and pressed against his lap.



"It's all going to be all right." I whispered. This time he initiated th iss. His libs were so soft and covered in the sweet juice. His tongu layed with mine, in a completely instinctual way. I ran my hand over hi aked body. I accidentally brushed against the tip of his penis with m rist. He was hard, as I already knew he would be. I didn't play with it t wasn't time for that. Instead I caressed his inner thigh, and notice ow he automatically spread his legs out. When his lips had no more frui uice on them, I moved on to his jawline and his chin, licked and kisse oth while he sighed. His little sounds of pleasure made me riled up, and  oved further down his neck, kissing and licking him. At the same time,  oved my hand further up between his legs. His balls had shrunken all u nder his shaft, and I massaged them tenderly, coaxing them back down.  oved his balls. Touching and playing with them was like holding hi ssence. His most sacred.

My mouth was now in his chest, his solar plexus, and his upper abdomen. Al ere covered in slippery juice. My pulse was rising. I was nearing th rand price. His love made flesh.

I don't know why I did what I did. I didn't even know where the idea cam rom. I'd never seen anyone do it, or ever really been told that it wa omething you could do to pleasure someone, but it was right there out i ront of my face covered in the fruit juice that had run down his stomac nd chest as we had clumsily eaten. A slight musk hit my nostrils. I coul lmost feel my pupils dilating at the thought of what I was about to do. M eart was thumping so hard I was sure you'd be able to see the skin on m hest move. It would be easy. I started by kissing him in the fold betwee he member and his left leg. I felt the shaft against my face. It was s ender and strong, the way only an erect dick can be. Jakes fingers was i y hair, but I hardly noticed. I moved on, by licking the shaft all the wa p the length finishing up by finally making contact with the glans. Th hin skin of the exposed head tasted and felt completely as I expected. Th ounds and motions Jake made was completely ecstatic in nature. He moane oudly, as I took it all in, suckled in the tip, and covered it i ubricating spit while working slit with my tongue. The taste was slightl alty mixed with the sharp sweetness of the fruit juice. The taste couldn' ave deterred me, even if it had been bad. This was about his pleasure, an t was all I thought about. I didn't even touch myself in the meantime. I as all about him.

When I moved my tongue over the underside of the tip and Jake lost it.



"Nhh" He moaned; I felt the convulsions of his body though his dick.  asn't ready... Heck I had only just started. I felt like I could have don his for hours. His orgasm resulted in several squirts of liquid leavin is penis, all of which shot into my mouth. I knew it was going to happen ut it still took me by surprise when I found myself with a mouthful o um. My first instinct was to spit it out, but something made me hesitat ong enough for me to make a decision to swallow it instead.

I laid down on my stomach in the sand and waited for Jake to recover. I idn't take him long. His heaving breath was like the oceans crashin urf. A calming factor. He finally opened his eyes and I send him a sl mile. He visibly blushed, and I finally noticed that it had become ligh ut and that the sun was baking my naked backside.



"I can't believe you just did that." He whispered. I scooted up so I coul ook him in the eye up close. My penis touched his. He was still har espite my treatment. He was probably sore, but if so, he didn't show it.



"Did you like it?" I asked. He just bit his lip and nodded. For a while w ust laid there and gathered out strength. I was painfully aware that  adn't cum, but I didn't want to move. When we finally gathered ou trength to get up. By now I had gotten the heat back into my body. I fel o fuzzy and jittering inside. We both still had raging erections when w tood up. I still hadn't cum, but I didn't want to ruin the mood.



"We should head back." I said. "It's best if they don't come looking fo s. They'll think something has happened." Jake suddenly looke ncomfortable.



"Do we have to?" He asked. "God, it's gonna be so awkward." He whined.



"We're gonna have to eventually." I argued.



"I know." He sounded like he was about to give in, but he wasn't completel one yet. "Can we at least walk a little further? I'll be too embarrassin alking back with a stiffie like this."



"Don't worry" I said. "We have the rule remember?" I said. Referring t hor's rule about not making fun of other guy's boners and not having t ide it when you had one.



"I know... but. I'm still not comfortable with it. Please can we just wal  little more? Just till our stiffies go down. They aren't going to wake u efore later anyway." He took my hands in his and I was instantl efeated. I didn't want to stop being alone with him anyway, truth b old. I moved in and gave him a kiss, which he accepted, as if it was jus  thing we did now.



"Fine, come on let's go." I said, grinning at what I was now sure, wa ither now being or was soon going to be, my new boyfriend.

We made our way inland again. This time we moved a little up the cliffs ince it was now light out and we could see where we went. Since it wa orning, the sun wasn't punishing just yet. We'd found another fruit bush lose to the beach, and were now sharing yet another fruit, drinking dow he juice. At any time, I had a hand free to do it. I masturbated while w alked and climbed. I couldn't help it. I noticed Jake fiddle a little wit imself too, but not so much. I didn't fiddle. I was outright jerking off hile walking. While still keeping up a normal conversation. I found tha here was no better time for talking, than when jerking off. I'd discovere hat back when I'd done it with Matt. I finally came while standing on  recipice, quite high up. I shot my load into the wind, feeling it cares y naked body. My cum wasn't sticky and white when it came out. Instead  arge amount of fluid shot out and sprayed the stones in front of me wher  stood. Jake watched me, with a snicker on his face. My orgasm had bee mazing, but probably nothing compared to what Jake had felt when I' ucked him.

We finally decided to head back, reasonably sure that the others would b etting up at any time now.

We had to do a full circle back to the place where we'd left ou edroll. Since Jake absolutely refused to walk back in camp without a shir n. The rain had removed enough of the paint to show the scar clearly. Whe robably dressed. Meaning me being naked, and somehow still with a hard on nd Jake only wearing a t-shirt. We walked right out of the forest and bac nto camp.

Lars and Thor were the only ones here. Thor was peeing up against a tre hen we walked in and waved a us while Lars was in the middle of clippin is toenails. Both were wearing swim shorts and Lars was wearing a t-shirt.



"Where the fuck have you two been?" Lars said. He wasn't irritated, jus affled. "Everyone has been looking for you all morning. Matt has bee orried sick."



"Really?" I said, trying to act casually. "We've just... slept in. I tarted raining, and we moved into the forest so we wouldn't get wet. ars just shrugged.



"I knew they were overreacting. He said, as Thor came over still fumblin ith the button to close his shorts. I caught a glimpse of his dick, but  as getting used to seeing it.



"You liked sleeping outside?" He asked. "I slept in the hammock... darn  ot wet." he said grinning. "Anyone up for a quick dip before lunch?"

Jake and I looked at each other, before agreeing. The longer before we me ndre and Matt again, the better.



[Tags: Masturbation, Oral, Kissing.]

