Date: Mon, 28 Dec 2020 20:48:16 +000 rom: Human Man <gladly11@hotmail.com ubject: Island, Chapter 16

Sup. Here is the next chapter. I hope you like it. Granted this one i ostly story, but there is horny stuff in it, don't worry.


Disclaimer: This story is free fantasy, nothing in it ever happened and al haracters are made up and do not resemble any real person, living or dead.

This story includes a whole lot of irrisposible behaviour, and I do no ondone any of it. Including but not limited to: Sexual behaviour betwee ales younger than 16 years old, underaged drinking, nudity, swearing ublic urination, leaving teenagers unsupervised on a unspecfically locate ninhabited island, pop-culture references, compleate and utter disregar or STD prevention, some stuff you really shouldn't do with a camera ating or otherwise inserting into yourself unfamiliar fruits you find i ature, an (at this point) unhealthily lax attitude towards hyginge unning around a dark deserted island in the middle of the night, and ba okes.

I kindly remind you that I am a stranger on the internet and anything yo ead is on your own risk.

If you like this story and feel like donating, you can. Not to me, I am  epraved person who writes erotic fiction with something that vaguel esembles a plot and then jerk off to the result. No, donate to Nift nstead, cuz they are great. There is a link for that here ttp://donate.nifty.org/

Lastly, I like the idea of adding Tags to a story so people know what the an expect to jerk off to, but I also find them to often be spoiling th tory a little. With that in mind I have decided to put these at the botto f the page, so if you need tags they can be found there.



Chapter 16: Thor, June 16th - Afternoon



"Next time maybe don't go exploring on your own like that." I said.  idn't feel like it was my place to discipline the two. In fact, I didn' ven think of it that way, but I'd seen how worried Matt had been. "We'v ll been worried."

"I told you... it rained, and we had trouble finding a place inside th orest where there was enough space." Seb said. I had requisitioned him t elp me prepare some food while we waited for the four others to return t amp. In a flurry of creativity, Lars and Jake had engaged themselves i eaving another hammock from scratch using the newfound way to make toug ut relatively soft pieces of cord from the plant fibers we' ollected. Jake had seemed to forget everything about him being nude fro he waist down, and there was some pride in having him comfortable enoug o be half-naked around us, when he'd been so closed at his firs rrival. That was in no small part due to Sebastian's efforts and I wasn' bout to forget that. I could see that Sebastian would rather go help wit he project, but I did need a hand. It wasn't like they were going to b one for quite a while anyway. It didn't matter that we already had one, w ad oceans of time, and it wasn't like we couldn't use more places t elax. I for one, wouldn't mind sleeping in the hammock some more, when i idn't rain anyway.

"Why didn't you come back here?" I asked, this was mostly curiosity.

"We didn't want to wake you all. And... You know it was fun. We just wen or a morning walk is that so bad?" Sebastian asked. He was fully naked ut at this point that was more the rule than the exception. I quite like t. I myself had opted to wear my swim shorts and had put on a thi awaiian shirt, open to show off my sweet chiseled body. Ok that's m ragging, but still I thought I looked quite sweet. The shirt was mostl rotection from the morning sun which was touch on Nordic skin.

Having him cut some bread and assorted cold cuts while I made some egg.

"Very thoughtful, but I doubt it would a roused much rage." I giggled. "W ust got worried when we couldn't find a trace of you."

The conversation staled there. I wasn't quite sure he'd told me the whol tory, but there was no way he'd tell me if I was right.

"How's the food coming along?" A frail but cheerful voice said. Jake ha alked up behind Sebastian unceremoniously wrapped his arms around hi houlders, and resting his chin on his left shoulder looking down into a he goods on the table.

"Almost there" I said. "You can set the table if you want."

"What about the others?" Jake asked.

"Beats me." I said. "They've been gone for a while now. How can they no ave thought to come back a check if you have come back? In any case, jus et the table and we'll eat when they're here... although their eggs wil e cold by then."

It took only five more minutes before we heard some rustling and footstep hat turned out to be Andre poking out his head.

"Oh good. Matt!" He yelled the last word over his shoulders. "They are bot ack in the camp, Come on I smell lunch!" His mostly naked body the merged from the bamboo with a rustle. The dark skinned sixteen-year-ol as only wearing a tank top, meaning his heavy hanging banana shaped coc as swinging freely between his legs. I loved looking at it. I knew it wa ever going to happen but I wouldn't mind feeling it in my hand jus nce. The thought made my dick twitch and stiffen in my shorts, something  as slowly getting used to the others seeing since I'd already shown th hole group my stiff cock. Behind him Matt came stumbling out of th ungle, fully dressed in shorts and a t-shirt.

"Oh good." Matt sighed, when he saw the two of them. "Where on earth hav ou been?" I looked down at the two youngest among us. They looked at eac ther, seeming a little bit distressed.

"We've been worried sick." Matt continued.

"Matt, calm down." Andre said, and placed a hand on his shoulder as h alked past the black boy. "They're obviously fine. No need to get al reachy."

"What does that mean?" Matt said.

"I'm saying you're overreacting to nothing." Andre said. "They were gone e went looking and we found them. It's a small island, all we wanted t now was if they'd gotten themselves hurt."

Matt stared at Andre for a moment before he answered.

"I just wanted to know where they'd been." He said, defensively, crossin is arms. "If you guys get hurt it's on my neck."

"What about Martin and Jacob?" I asked, mostly to change the subject befor omeone started a fight. Both Jake and Sebastian looked pretty ashamed o hemselves already, despite the fact that neither had really done anythin rong.

"Beat's me." Andre said. "I thought they'd back way before w ere... but..." he didn't get to finish his sentence before Jacob's voic ang true.

"Lunch!" The redhead came straggling into the camp with a hungry expressio n his face, followed by an absent-minded Martin

"Nice of you to show up." Lars snickered. He was already planted in hi eat between Jake and Seb.

"Don't give me that." Jacob sat down, slowly as if he was in pain an inced when his naked butt finally made contact. My gaze flickered t artin, who looked somewhat discontent. Maybe even a little shameful. Di hey..? No that was stupid. Martin was gay and Jacob was a horny bastar ut I was pretty sure they hadn't done anything wild. Jacob had had  roblem with one of the fruits yesterday, and he was probably still sor rom that. I snickered a little at the thought but kept quiet. I was th ne making up horny ideas and shipping people in my head because of it.

"We would have been here, if we didn't have to search half the island fo hose two." He glowered with mock indignation at Jake and Seb which in tur oth looked down into their food.

"Can't we just agree it was a miscommunication?" Andre asked. "Seb and Jak ave every right to explore the island as much as they want, but Matt' oncerns were valid. We're alone on this island and we're supposed to loo ut for each other."

"Well next time, can we at least wait till we're sure someone is missin efore we look for them?" Jacob said, which Martin gave him an elbo etween the ribs for. Jacob winced, in part due to his obvious soreness.

"I still think it's good with some ground rules." Matt sai efensively. "I'm all for exploring but we are very far from any medica elp if we need it. I don't think it's smart to go explore afte ark. Also, I propose that you don't go alone if you explore the rocky hal f the island."

"They weren't alone." Martin said, but Matt interjected.

"I know, it's just new set of rules to ensure that no one gets hurt and w on't know where to find them." Matt said.

"Really?" Jacob broke in again, his mouth was stuffed full of eggs an read. He had to sink it before he could continue. "The best thing abou his place is that there are no rules, and you wanna make new ones?" H ounded almost indignant.

"It's for everyone's safety." Matt began but this time it was my turn t nterject.

"How about we just make sure to meet up here at least once a day, and jus ell each other where we plan to sleep and if we go into the rocky half o he island?" I suggested. "The island isn't that big and we're bound t eet up here, at least a few times a day, since this is where the food is."

"See... that's a good point." Jacob said. "We don't need rules, when w ave common sense." Both Matt, Martin and Andre send Jacob an exasperate ook. Jacob wasn't exactly a paragon of common sense.

"I'm all for that." Lars said, already finished with his lunch. "I like th o rules thing too."

"Fine." Matt said, seeming defeated. "But can we at least agree that commo ense dictates not to explore alone or at night?" He asked.

Jacob shrugged but nodded at the same time. Everyone else seemed to thin hat was a good idea too, so Matt finally dropped the subject.

"Before everyone scatters every which way." Lars said, as people wa ollecting their dishes in the washbowl. "We still haven't opened today' etter." He said, sounding giddy. I myself had almost forgotten.

"Shit you're right." Martin said. "We can't forget that. We might miss ou n something important." I couldn't decide if he was being sarcastic o ot. In any case Lars pulled the sack of mail, from under the bench wher e kept it. He started going though the still large pile of letters, befor e handed one to me, and started scraping the rest back into the sack areful not to miss any.

I stuck my finger into the envelope and opened it, folded the paper insid ut and started reading aloud.



Dear Group Six

Today is a little bit of a special day actually. Today marks the day wher ou mark yourselves as the Islands inhabitants. As real islanders so t peak. This you have in common with all of the other members of your trib round the other islands. You have dressed yourself in tribal fashion an ou have explored the island, at least superficially. So tonight, you ge o take possession of your temporary home.

You have no doubt discovered that your island slopes up worth, due to th olcanic formation of the island. The Island has this in common with all o he other islands. This evening, you must venture to the highest peak. Som r all of you have no doubt already been there, but if not, it should no e hard to find. Here you must light a large fire, you will know the righ lace when you see it. Spend your evening on the peak, maybe even the nigh f you wish. Unless the weather is very unclear, you should have no proble eeing some of the other islands from up there, and after dark even th onfires the other groups will have lit. Remember to document everythin ith your polaroid.

We hope to see your bonfire shine.



I looked up from the picture and saw a mixture of expressing ranging fro xcitement on Martins face, to wonder on Matt's, to Jake and Sebastia ooking at each other, to boredom on Jacob's face.

"Aren't we gonna get some interesting things to do?" Jacob asked. "Where i he challenge in this, last one was fun, but we were just playing dres p. Before that we just found a box on the beach. Didn't they promise we' e doing more scavenger hunting?"

"What's so bad about this? Has anyone been to the highest point?" Andr sked. Everyone shook their heads or mumbled a no.

"Well, we need someone to find it then. Just figure out where it is. An hen carry some firewood up there, we're gonna need a good deal." Mat aid. "I'll go, if someone will come with me."

Andre stuck his hand in the air, and smiled at Matt. I had figured the tw f them had become pretty good friends.

"Seb? Jake? You two have gone exploring up there quite a lot, do you wann ome?" Andre asked, smiling at them. Sebastian looked almost a little sick nd shook his head quickly. "Eh... No I'd like to relax a little e... we've been walking around all morning." He looked at Jake wh odded. Both Matt and Andre looked a little disappointed, but didn' rgue. They looked around for the rest of them, and I was about t olunteer but suddenly I caught Martin's eyes, and he raised both eyebrow t me. I didn't really know what it meant but I understood that he wante o talk.

"I'll follow later, I guess." Jacob said. "I wanna work on my tan."



While Martin volunteered to do the dishes. I cleaned up what else needed t e put away. Lars, whom had also been a little disappointed with today' ssignment had returned to the crafting of a new hammock, helped by th ynamic duo of Jake and Seb. Andre went to put on a pair of shorts, befor e and Matt headed out towards the other side of the Island. Not that  ouldn't have preferred to go with them. I could use the exercise afte oday's kitchen duty. It had seemed like Martin had wanted to talk to m bout something, but I wasn't quite sure. In any case, this was how it was.

"When all the cold cuts were packed back into the cold-box. I went over an nelt down behind Lars, whom had suspended a long piece of cord to a bambo talk, and held the other end tight, while weaving three piece ogether. From the looks of it, both Jake and Sebastian was doing the sam hing, although they were working together working theirs. Gently I place  hand on each of his shoulders and massaged them lightly. The gesture wa nnocent enough, but I tried putting some emotion into it.

"How are you getting along?" I asked. Looking down the three long cord hat were slowly becoming one.

"Pretty ok. It's slow work, but we have all the time in the world." H aid, he didn't take his eyes off of the work, but there was a smile in hi oice.

"Plan on sleeping in it tonight?" I asked.

"I doubt we'll be done today, especially if were spending the evening o he mountain. But maybe it could be fun spending the night up there,  on't know it depends on how the weather is. If it's too windy we probabl houldn't."

"Well it's pretty steady right now." I said. I sucked on a finger and stuc t up to get a curtesy measure. "But can't say for sure higher up."

"If you want you can have the hammock tonight if no one else want a turn.  said. "I really slept well in it, too bad about the rain. I was all we hen I woke up." Lars snickered and leaned back a little.

"If the plateau is too windy, there are a bunch of caves and grottos u here." Sebastian said. "Perfect for sleeping in."

"Actually, that could be fun." I said. "Must remember to bring some foo oo, something we can cook on a bonfire."

"All we have, can be cooked on a bonfire." Lars said. It wasn't all tru ut pretty close. I squeezed his shoulders a little, before getting to m eet.

"Going somewhere?" Lars asked.

"Just to the beach, see if Martin needs help with the last dishes." I said ot wholly untrue. I lifted my hand and marched down to the beach. Martin hite Canadian butt was visible all the way from the treeline as I walke own there. Jacob had set up his towel halfway down, in the bes unlight. His naked body getting an even tan. I noticed that he wa porting a massive boner which looked kinda funny with the dick standin traight up from the prone body, laying on its back. I wouldn't actuall ave been surprised if he'd been rubbing one out right here on th each. To be fair he totally could have. The only one within viewin istance was Martin, his confidant. But then again not even Jacob would b hat bold. I enjoyed the show while walking past him. He didn't even ope is eyes. God, I loved the fact that most boys here would just be naked.

When I reached the water, I stood and watched the ocean for a moment. Th ater was calm, calmer than it used to be, even here. The only activity wa he other naked boy standing in ankle deep water washing the lunc ishes. I got caught by the mood and felt a need to be naked as well.  adn't skinny dipped this morning, as it still wasn't the norm for some o s, but now I felt like it. With a sweeping motion I removed my alread pen shirt and threw it on the sand. Then I undid the button that held m wim shorts up and let them fall. For a moment I just stood and enjoyed th ind caress the parts of my body that wasn't used to feeling fresh air.  ept forgetting how good being naked outside felt. Maybe I should just g aked all the time, but then again, maybe it would lose its value. Martin acob and Sebastian didn't seem to think so. Even Jake had been fre alling all morning, as far as I knew.

I took a few steps into the calm water before letting myself fall, an eeling how the water felt totally different on a naked body. Even if ful ime nudism wasn't my calling, skinny dipping sure was. I'd alread orgotten how good it felt. Slowly I glided thought the water towards th ther naked boy silently stalking. But when I got behind him, getting read o startle him I heard Martin say.

"Don't even think about it." His voice sneering but humorous.

I stood up in the water and walked around the other side of the rock w lways used as a washing table.

"I wasn't gonna do anything." I lied, an innocent smile on my face.

"Sure you weren't." He said slyly. "Nice to see you by the way - All o ou." He added the last part as if I'd done something wrong.

"Excuse me?" I asked I wasn't aware that I'd done anything. Martin picke p the last plate and started rubbing it with the sponge, making littl ubbles of white soap on its surface.

"I thought you'd have joined us." He said. "You gave your seed to th oddess." He winked at me, and I remembered our encounter with Jacob in th rove. The painting of the circle jerking boys and the floating woman. An ow I had jerked off and shot my cum into the crevice.

"I wasn't aware I had joined a cult." I said, raising my eyebrow. "I'm no ne to disrespect whatever island gods they used to worship here, but  an't see why I can't wear clothes when I feel like it.

Martin looked at me, for a little while before he answered.

"I guess that's fair." He said. "It just feels wrong to wear clothes here ike it's sacrilegious.

"What has gotten into you?" I asked, starting to get just a bit worried.

"I don't know." He said, dipping the plate in the water to rinse it off. " ust think this island is more than just an island. It's like a sacre lace. It's hiding something." I thought about it. It wasn't like I totall isagreed although I had a hard time really feeling it with the passion h as using.

"Maybe you're right." I said and planted my butt on the stone next to th ashbowl. "Maybe I should go make another offering to that goddess huh?"  end him a sly smile and winked. At the same time, I felt a littl nvoluntary twitch in my dick.

"Horny bastard." Martin smiled, and jabbed me on the shoulder. I responde y playfully grabbing him and tumble us both down into the water, whic esulted in several minutes of splashing around after that we both heade nland, and sat down in the sand to dry off, the bowl of dishes and th alf-sleeping Jacob next to us. The redhead had wisely brought one of th arge jugs of sunscreen that the camp had provided, and placed it in th and next to him. Since he had so fair skin, compared to the rest of us ven me, he was also the most vulnerable. We were also approaching the tim f day where it would be inadvisable to sunbathe. I took the jug an meared a good portion into my hands, before applying it to my arms, nex o my torso and my legs. I felt a little absurd having to apply it to m ick and balls as well, but I was not about to risk sunburns there.

"Can you apply some on my back?" I asked Martin, who'd just bee lternating between watching me and enjoying the ocean view. He nodded an ot up from his seat, sand sticking to his still wet naked body.

"Speaking of the... shrine. In lack of a better word. Have you though bout showing it to the others?" I asked. I remembered that Matt ha aguely asked about it.

"Shrine is a good word, for it." Martin said. "It is kind of like a shine.  didn't answer but just waited for him to actually answer my question.

"I'm not sure to be honest, I mean... It's not as if we want to keep it t urselves." He sat for a moment, as if not really sure how to convey hi houghts.

"It's because Matt has asked." I said. "He - and he's not the only one  ave noticed how you have started talking about this island." I noticed ho is soft hands ran up and down my body as he smeared the sunscreen, an ingered on my muscles. The caress made my body react a little and  njoyed the attention.

"Like it's alive, or has a soul... you know." I finished.

"Yea, I guess." Martin said. "I just have this feeling that it's a sacre lace, don't you?"

"To the natives who lived here? Sure." I said. "But I mean it's just an ol sland religion."

"Maybe, but I feel there is more to it, and I want to explore it." Marti aid. "I'm not asking you to do anything, but if there is something to it  want to respect it."

"I see." I said. "Well, it's just because Matt asked, and I wanted to clea t with you before I took him there. The others should at least know abou t." I said.

"Matt isn't ready yet." Martin said. "He's still too closed up. Help me an he Island soften him up first."

"He doesn't have to jerk off into the mountain, just because he knows th lace exist." I said, now feeling his hands on my butt. I supposed tha ould need sunscreen too, and I wasn't going to complain that Martin wa illing to do it.

"There is a full-scale painting of an ancient circle jerk on the bac all." Martin pointed out. "You try imagining how he'll react to that."

"Alright, good point." I said. Matt was slowly getting more comfortabl ith his own body and with everyone else being so open, but there was n eason to push too hard.

"In that case who do you suggest we bring in then?" I asked, mostly jus or fun, while Martin finished.

"Well, Seb is a good candidate, but I still have my doubts. To be honest  aven't talked much with him. Besides he would bring Jake and the newcomer re still not a good first choice, despite them both being very ope inded."

"How about Lars then? I bet I could get him." I suggested.

"Possibly? Although he's not very spiritual, but what the heck." Marti hrugged. "If you wanna show him, you won't hear me complain."

"Alright." I said with a grin. "Maybe I will." I gave Martin a playfu aress over the skin of his stomach as I made my way back to camp.  ompletely forgot my clothes at the beach, but it didn't matter. Martin ha ade me want to be naked for a while. Maybe I'd even put some of my triba ear back on. Actually, I was still more or less wearing it. I had onl orn an ankle band, and a necklace. The decorative cord I'd been wearin round my ankle doing Lars' photoshoot was still there, I'd just gotte sed to it. The necklace was a little fragile however, so I had taken i ff last night and forgotten where I put it. No matter, I could always jus ake a new one.

Lars, Sebastian and Jake were still in the middle of weaving the lon trands of cord for the new hammock. As far as I could tell, they'd mad ight already, but I didn't know how many they would need. I placed th owl of dishes on the table, and went to the tree line to take a leak, whe  returned Seb and Jake had finished their cord and seemed to have pause heir work for a while. Instead they were kicking our football back an orth between them at the other end of camp, using two palm trees as goa osts. I was tempted to join them, but It was getting far too hot for me t o anything wild. Instead I filled two mugs from the newly washed batc ith some of the fruit juice that Jacob had carefully collected from th ocal fruit trees and sat down in the shade where Lars was sitting consume ith his work.

I planted my bare butt in the cool sand next to Lars, facing in th pposite direction of him, and leaned back, so I could face him, but no et in the way of his work.

"Sup, sexy. How are your work coming along?" I said in a cheerfu one. Lars smiled back, and I noticed how his gaze briefly flickere owards my privates before focusing back to my eyes. I handed one of th ugs to him and he paused his work to accept it.

"We're getting there, even though the two of them seem more interested i ach other. It's crazy how close they've gotten" He said. I took a sip fro y juice before I answered. It didn't seem so strange to me.

"I guess they just have some common interests." I said. "Haven't you eve oticed how really nerdy people click?"

"Not really, but even I felt a little of their enthusiasm. You know wha hey started calling me?"

"No." I said, now interested.

"Ramses." Lars said, turning his eyes. I snickered at their ingenuity.

"That's an odd name. Have they named all of us?" I asked, a little curious.

"Dunno, they only do it when they think you can't hear them. I think the amed Jacob too, but I don't know what they called him." He braced his cor eaving by sitting on it, and instead took to enjoying his juice. There wa  pause in the conversation while we both drank. The Juice was so sweet i lmost made it impossible to speak right after you'd sipped it.

"So, what are your plans for tonight? I asked. "You didn't seem ver hrilled with our assignment."

"No, I'd hoped for something fun to do." He said. "I guess I'm just gonn o, in hopes we have a good time. I mean, a fire on a clifftop can't b hat bad, unless it's too windy."

"I think it'll be fun, we can bring food up there, and our sleepin ags. You should really try sleeping under open sky, it's awesome."

"I guess so." He said. "It's gonna be dangerous going back down in the dar nyway, and someone is going to stay and take pictures."

"Speaking of pictures." I said, now getting a sly smile on my face. "It' een a while since we took some, just us." I looked him in the eye whil is face turned from mild confusion, to sudden realization of what I wa aying. I wasn't even sure where the sudden tone was coming from. I gues he discussion with Martin had gotten me a little frisky... or maybe it wa he fact that I hadn't jerked off since yesterday.

"You wanna go do that now?" Lars asked, not as a suggestion but as a ctual question. His face had lid up red. I stuck out my tongue to defuse  ittle of the awkwardness. It wasn't like we hadn't played around before.

"Martin told me where he goes to fap. I know Jacob use it too."  aid. It's pretty unbelievable. I figured you could get some good shot here." I said. I noticed how his shorts had started bulging in the front hich I took as a good sign. I wasn't sure when Lars had last jerked of ut I knew he could be quite virile.

"Unbelievable how?" Lars asked, and looked at me with intereste yes. Without really thinking about it I started sliding my hand up th ide leg hole of his shorts, feeling him get goosebumps at my caress. H tiffened up and his eyes flickered towards the two more or less naked boy laying at the other side of camp. Not that they were going to se nything, but I understood his reluctance to go any further in thei resence. Still I caressed the hardening piece of flesh under th et-lining and leaned in and said in a low voice.

"Go get your camera and meet me down the beach to the left." I said. "Pu n your tribal stuff too, I wanna see you wear it." I grinned and got u rom my seat. My own boner was very prominent, and the still sitting Lar as fixated on it. Then he nodded and headed to our tent, while I slippe n between the bamboo, naked at I was.



Lars followed me five minutes later, walking briskly with his camera ba ver his shoulder which were the only modern thing he was wearing. Like m e wasn't wearing too many different accessories. His loincloth was don ind of like a skirt around his waist. I knew for a fact that he wasn' earing anything underneath, the thought made me shutter wit xcitement. My cock was still hard, and I'd done my best not to touch it hile I waited, though I couldn't help massaging my balls a little. Waitin n him had felt like an hour.

"Where are we going." Said Lars who snug in close to me as we bega alking. His body was warm against my skin. We hadn't dared touch eac ther when we had been alone this morning, since there was too big of  isk of someone coming back suddenly. In other words, being too touchy bac n camp was a discovery waiting to happen. Also, I hadn't been too horn his morning, no more than usual at least. I felt his hand rest on my butt nd I let mine slip around his shoulder.

"Somewhere Martin showed me. Trust me you won't believe me before you se t." I said.

We made our way down the beach this way. I could feel how Lars was eithe ervous, or excited. I felt a little bit of thrill, that he felt that wa round me. Truth be told, I didn't quite know what my feeling for hi ere. But every time I pictured him sleeping next to me in a bed, o itting with me somewhere, or every time I thought about kissing him, m hest felt like it couldn't contain the happiness.

"I have a question." Lars said. "When you said Martin told you where h erked off. Did he and you jerk off together?" There was a little paus etween us. I hadn't really considered that the fact that we'd done tha ight make him jealous.

"Yea... but only as bro's you know." I said suddenly feeling guilty. " idn't touch him or anything." Lars looked up at me with a facia xpression that at first made me want to kick myself, before I realize hat it was mock indignation. Suddenly his face cracked into a wide grin.

"Don't tell me you regret it." He said, grinning, his tongue sticking out  it as he looked up at me.

"I... I ehh..." I said, fumbling over the words. I wanted to apologize bu ars just leaned back into me.

"It's fine, don't worry about it." He said, still grinning. "I'm not goin o tell you who you can jerk off with. I mean, you and I aren't... togethe ike that..."

I felt the knot of anxiety slowly unravel itself, and I exhale eeply. Which made Lars snicker.

"You're pretty amazing you know that." I said. Even though I hadn' ctually done anything wrong, I still felt a little guilty.

We arrived at the border where the landscape shifted, and soon I led th asy climb up worth towards the 'shrine' my boner had subsided a little ut it was still somewhat engorged. The far less athletic Lars wer limbing behind me, and I could feel his eyes on my behind. I was quit ure he could see my hole too, but I didn't mind that either. Once or twic  was pretty sure I was going the wrong way. Once you got into the cliffs here was several paths you could take. All though I knew that I had t tick with some that lead further towards the ocean. Finally, I cleared  ock which I knew was the right one and found myself back at the entranc o the shrine. Where Martin and I had spied on Jacob as he pleasure imself with the fruits. I noticed that he'd left a few up here, includin he one he'd had up his butt. Thankfully no one was here.

"Little help?" Asked Lars, he was a little short of breath. I knelt down o he smooth sun heated rock and reached down my hand so he could gra t. With a groan I pulled him up and into my arms. For a moment I held hi lose to my body and looked him deep into the eyes. I could feel how muc is boner ached for attention though the very thin cloth that made up hi oincloth. For a moment I was tempted to try and go for a kiss but went fo  warm smile instead.

"Come on, you have to see this." I said. I took him by the hand and lea im into the shrine.

The painting on the curved back wall was just as imposing and just a mmaculacy detailed as I remembered. Every last one of the thirteen painte oys were nude, and so distinctly different from each other down to ever etail, that I found it hard to believe anything other than that they wer epictions of real people who had once stood where we stood. I let my gaz lide over the boys. Each and were in some stage of masturbation, in rando rder. Some were depicted with full erections stroking their cocks, som ith closed eyes others looking at their neighbor, most were looking to th entral figure. Other boys were depicted with flaccid or semi-hard penises ven some with cum dripping from the tips, or from their hands, from havin ecently ejaculated. My eyes found my favorite of the bunch. He was one o he youngest boys depicted, with no sign of pubic hair around the base o is shaft or on his balls. Neither of the boys who had pubic hair, had ver uch of it and most had none. This boy was in the middle of his own orgasm rozen in time. His eyes were closed, and his face showed utmost pleasur s he shot his considerable load towards the center figure. So much so tha he already finished and cum dripping boy next to him, hand to place  teadying hand on his shoulder, so he didn't topple over. I noticed tha he boys all had faint outlines of paint on their bodies. The same sort o aint markings, that we had all been painting ourselves with. The once  ad still hadn't gone away, although they weren't very visible on ligh kin, but on the darker skin of the native boys they were more prominent.

The central figure of the painting was not of a boy like the rest, but of  oman. A mature but very much a young naked woman, perfectly formed roun reasts with large nipples, a curvy figure, long flowing hair and a doring face that could melt the hearts of any man, maybe even a ga an. Not that I knew since I was very much bi and found her ver ttractive. Like the boys she was heavily painted with stripes and figures ut in difference to them, her feet were not touching the ground.

"What the actual..." Lars started but didn't finish his sentence as h tared at the spectacle.

"No fucking way, that's real." I send him a grin while I enjoyed hi tunned expression. I seized the moment to slip a hand up under the shor kirt that hid his genitals and placed my hand on his butt.

"Pretty amazing isn't it? That's why Martin showed me the place this i here he and Jacob comes to jerk off."

Lars seemed momentarily speechless as he started to take out the camera an urned it on.

"We think the woman is a goddess of some kind. The way she's painted. Lik he's too perfect to be a real person, and how her feet don't touch th round like the others do." I Continued.

"Yea, that's what I thought to." Lars said, as he took a few steps back an ooked though the camera to catch the best shot. "Notice how she's angle o that she's bathed in a divine light from the sun." He observed. "She' efinitely a goddess, a fertility goddess no doubt. But what about th oys" I was impressed but remembered that Lars was an experience hotographer and knew stuff about light settings.

"Well... we think they are offering their seed to her." I said.

"Figuratively or..." Lars began

"No literally." I said. "We think the native boys of the island would com ere and jerk off together, and that way offer their seed. You see tha revice over there?" I pointed to the smooth bowl-like crevice in th iddle of the semi- circular stone wall. Even though it was hard to se here was a hole in the bottom, that led... god knows where... somewher nto the mountain. Lars nodded as he was putting the pieces together befor  had finished what I was saying.

"That's where they'd shoot their load and... Wait Is that what you've bee oing?" He asked suddenly. "Sacred jerk off sessions?".

"Once." I corrected. "And it was really fun."

"I bet it was. Everyone back home always talk about masturbation as if it' ome horrible deed, but I never thought of it... Like someone could do i o please their island god. Dude we have got to take some pictures o his." Lars were suddenly giddy and seemed eager to get stared. I couldn' or the life of me have removed the smile from my face.

We started taking some pictured of me, as we had done before. At first, w ook some where I was posing in front of the pictures. Sometimes I wa illy, sometimes serious. My cock was throbbing hard the whole time. W ven took a picture where I pretended to be sucking the dick of th jaculating tribe-boy. With the extreme realism of the painting, you coul lmost believe it when you saw the picture. Then we got the idea of doing  hort photo series of me, posing as a lone tribal boy who came to bring a ffering. I started by walking slowly into the grotto doing my best to mak n awed expression. It wasn't hard, since the shrine was so awe inspirin n and of itself. I would have loved to have been flaccid in the firs ictures, but it was just not going to happen. I came in and knelt dow nto a deep bow before the goddess and stayed there for a while where Lar ot shots of every angle. He was phenomenally good at instructing me o hat to do. Then stood on the edge of the crevice and with the awestruc xpression still on my face I started jerking off, while Lars shot on icture after the other. The sexual buildup took less than 30 seconds.  as so stimulated that it ached in my balls for the sweet release. With  roan I shot my load into the crevice, as the powerful orgasm shot thoug y body and almost made me fall. My dick pumped hard, releasing hug mounts of wet cum into the bowl. When I was finally done it had made  mall little lake of clear-white fluid in the bottom, with more drops stil alling from my red-hot member. I noticed that Lars was no longer takin ictures but had instead lifted up in the loincloth and was jerking of oo. Amazed at the sight I watched my friend cum as well. He groaned an uffed clearly experiencing just as hard an orgasm as I had before massiv mounts of cum shot from his body and down into the crevice where it mixe ith mine. I had already discovered that Lars always squirted massiv mounts of cum, when he came, and this time was no exception. I counted a east eight squirts of variating power before he subsided. When he wa one, he swayed back and forth on his feet, the convulsions of his bod aving destabilized him. I moved forward to catch him before he fell an ook him into my arms.

"Wow, that was amazing?" He huffed into my shoulder. I could feel how hi till twitching dick was leaking fluids onto my still hard cock an alls. I didn't care. I looked into his swimming eyes and did what I ha elt like doing for days. I leaned down and kissed him, long and tenderl ver the mouth. I felt how his mouth opened to give me access. The kis ent on for an eternity, or at least it felt that way, when we were finall one my head was swimming with emotions.

"Let's sit for a while." I whispered, and Lars nodded weakly in response.

We sat with our backs to the great wall painting for a while. Lars' hea as leaning against my shoulder, and we were both watching the cum slowl eep into the mountain while mentally recovering. Thoughts and emotion ere zooming though my head at the speed of light. All of them about th oy next to me. All of them confusing and at the same time new and old.

"Thor?" Lars asked, his voice meek. "Can... can I ask you something..."  odded. It was I could do right now.

"Do you think... do you think it could ever work... you know, between us? e asked. There was a long pause.

"You mean... as my... boyfriend?" I asked. I knew what he meant; I just ha  hard time aligning my thoughts. I'd never had a boyfriend, or  irlfriend for that matter... I didn't even know how you decided you wer n that kind of relationship.

"Yea..." he whispered. I sighed deeply. Honestly not knowing how to answe hat question.

"I..." I trailed off.

"Listen, I don't care if you jerk off, or play around with Martin o acob... or whoever else might like to play with your dick." He said. " ust... I want you as mine, at heart. That you still want to do that stuf ith me. That you still wanna take pictures and play with me at night."

"Of cause... I. That's not why." I said. "I just, I've never done tha efore. I don't know if we can work it out. Also, if we do becom oyfriends, wont we have to tell all the others?"

"In time... probably." Lars said. "But not now. I just want to know i ou'd want to..."

"Yes. Let's try it." I said. "I want to... I love you." Our lips met again nd we kissed for a long time.

"I love you too..." Lars said. More kissing, more silence.

"We should probably head back soon." I said. "We need to get our stuff an ind the peak, before it gets dark. Lars nodded, the bliss on his fac vident.

"One more thing." He said as he slowly pulled himself together to ge p. "If we are together, I want to make love."

"You mean... fuck for real. Now?" I asked. This was all coming on prett apidly now.

"No not now, not even tonight. I'm not sure I'm ready yet. I'm just tellin ou that. I'd like to do it... and that I want to feel you do it to me." H lushed and I smiled vaguely. Then I moved in to kiss him again.



[Tags: Masturbation]

